Looks extremely small

The "manta balloon" from Festo was a prototype about 15 years ago. Only one made, never hit the market, never sold. 15 years. Made to "float" indoors, that's why all the videos about it are made indoors. Incapable of reaching 20.000 feet. It can barely "float" indoor with the help of a little push because it doesn't have the necessary volume to contain more helium. Even less to reach 20.000 feet. The fact that this resembles the shape (and only the shape) of something made 15 years ago, doesn't mean is that.

I really want the pilots take. I know one of our sub members pulled it from twitter, and I’m assuming not from the pilot himself, so I’m curious.

I did a short recording back and forth from the video: [https://imgur.com/a/seWVHB6](https://imgur.com/a/seWVHB6) It does make it clear that its something quite interesting (unless it is fake)

Looks like the same shape as the military video that was released. The one they were tracking and it was rotating.

Flight of the Navigator

This is definitely some of the most compelling footage released as of late. Good quality and captured at a very close distance. What’s interesting is that the UAP looks to be stationary as the pilot flies by. It’s important to remember what Ryan Graves spoke about on the Joe Rogan podcast. These UAP would remain stationary for several hours, not changing their trajectory and essentially just hovering in one place. Ryan Graves and his team had the same interaction as this pilot had on almost a daily basis. We should consider this and not expect every UAP sighting to be of a moving object that is flying at insanely high speeds like the gimbal video. I hope someone can debunk this as it is very interesting footage and may be some of the highest quality material captured in recent years. Edit: Debunk as in prove it’s something other than a balloon.

[removed]

I mean its clearly your typical saucer shape tilted on its side giving of the manta vibe. I recall there is a theory from the navy footage the ufos flew tilted as opposed to traditional beliefs of flying level much like this ufo is seemingly doing so.

Flight of the navigator

I find it very sad that nobody here is demanding to know who captured the video, more context (time, date, gps coordinates, altitude, aircraft make, route, etc), access to the raw, unedited footage, and a statement from the pilot describing why they were recording. Instead, what I see is everyone going bananas about how amazing this footage is, that it’s real, blah, blah, blah. It could be CGI, AI-generated, a balloon, etc. Don’t get me wrong: I hope it’s legitimate… I have been following this topic for decades, but it’s important to exercise common sense and caution.

Does anyone know what year this is from? Where it was shot? Anything meaningful would be cool....

I did a small edit in slow motion with different exposures https://www.instagram.com/reel/CqsmstxOIn_/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=

What if, and hear me out, the aliens are controlling the balloons? Genius.

This is a legit UFO we’re seeing here damn

Is there literally no context of who took this? Seems a rather important part of the situation. Looks like CGI when played.

If that’s anything manmade, then the person flying it should be in jail for operating it that recklessly near a manned aircraft

Dude this is a flying saucer 🛸

What the hell is this thing?

Looks a lot like the one seen over Sacramento about a year back from an ultralight airplane cruising. it also tilts at the end like this one does. [https://imgur.com/yySPHO1](https://imgur.com/yySPHO1) &#x200B; https://www.reddit.com/r/aliens/comments/10magj0/from\_ufotwitter/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3

Ngl this is one of the more compelling pictures I’ve seen of late. Also explains why it’s so hard to spot these because it’s small and goes at extreme speeds, hard to get a pic

Hmmm I remain skeptical but what catches my attention is that the exact same picture was featured as the thumbnail in one of astrum's recent videos on [UAPs](https://youtu.be/otPxviO_SCA). The video was uploaded two weeks ago but the source video (the one on the front page of the sub) is just gaining traction? I'm wondering just how old is this UAP video then???

Just looks like a balloon. Meh.

Mylar balloons do all kinds of shape contortions in the higher atmosphere. They're tough and super light. I'm not going to say that doesn't look like a UFO, it does. But so can a mylar balloon if you leave it in the atmosphere long enough and catch it at just the right angle. We probably have to apply occams razor.

Looks like it's flying belly first (if it's legit). Which fits Bob Lazar's story about the "sports model" craft. Also feels similar to one of the Navy videos that came from the east coast encounters.

Flight of the Navigator! Compliance!

Meh. Call me when we've got one of them on the ground.

[removed]

Mylar balloon?

The thing is, it didnt behave like a balloon in the video. Its seen moving perpendicular to the pilot’s craft in the first few seconds, then as it exits the clouds in the far distance it makes a J shaped turn and accelerates out of those clouds and past the pilot very closely in a streamline. If the pilot saw it was a giant floating balloon, they’d report it as such and probably not fly right fn next to it risking their life for a gag. Let’s rule out balloon and keep passing along facts.

Can we link the video in this post so we can easily compare?

Bob lazar said they flew this way, belly forward in the direction of travel, if this is real, it's great footage for once.

This photo is a clear image from a video shared in this sub, in which this object is seen from a flying airplane. Some propel has compared it to a ballon, although that particular model didn’t made it to commercial production

That sure as hell ain’t a balloon

Remember the Northrop commercial where they showed 3 or 4 prototypes? Looks similar to one of those. Saw it during a Superbowl like 5 yrs ago.

It reminds me of the ship from the movie Flight of The Navigator.

That’s no balloon 🎈…

Looks terrestrial

I want to believe.

A pretty unclear image of whatever the fuck that is. I love this sub.

Google Lens suggests it's a dolphin/whale.

I don't believe anything without scale for reference

I'd like to bring some perspective on the size and distance of this object. It is a lot bigger and closer than what it appears on video. This is why the pilot was filming when it looked like nothing at the beginning. He was able to see it with his own eyes. Go outside and look at a tree then hold your smart phone camera at the tree. You'll see it looks smaller and further away.

Is this the animal from the movie “Nope”?

Dammit! The molecular structure of an alien craft MUST conform to the physical demands of the environment or it would not be able to withstand those demands. Aircraft simply can not fly under water. Can anyone who swims in water fly in air? No! Size of the aliens or their craft makes no difference. I propose that any alien visitors would have to follow the spacial and physical rules of our environment or self destruct. Unless… they are on a different wavelength, or what might be called dimension. Then they could pass right through us or we them and do so undetected.

With photoshop, all kinds of other editing softwares and tech in general, it’s hard to believe any photo is real, much less a ufo one. I believe there are other life forms out there, it would be stupid to believe we’re all alone. I just hope we’ll get indisputable proof.

This is the stuff that pops out when China finally wants to declare war on the US, and we all see where that $800 billion a year goes lmao 🤣

This is definitely man made. Why do people wish think the unlikely. Say some high tech creatures observe the part of space where the earth was a billion years ago before knowing that a lifeform was there, a billion years before the light of today would even reached that part of space. Why would they travel to a place with no signs of life? It is always more than likely a man made object.

Is this a satire subreddit? An honest question.

That thing is tiny, no one is inside it. It appeared to be moving very slowly if at all. Very balloon-y.

I've been a skeptical asshole in r/UFOs as of late, but this one....this one is different.

Most compelling video to date imo. Can’t stop viewing the video

If it is a balloon... Then how the fuck is that balloon not being tossed or thrown by the planes wind wash? Why does it all of a sudden go stationary? What happened to the first one? Why is it so shiny? Why is it belly up? And why is this one at such a high altitude compared to the last UAP sightings and shoot downs?

Looks too small to me. Helium in an inflatable stingray or dolphin ?? https://www.discountleisureproducts.co.uk/images/intex-stingray-inflatable-ride-on-swimming-pool-toy-float-p2959-7348\_image.jpg

This is exactly what Bob Lazar described.

Another balloon, and people are freaking out again… wtf is wrong with this sub 😂

Intriguing capture. Any further details of this incident?

I dont know how this sub feels about Bob Lazar, but he very clearly describes US-recovered ships flying in this manner (almost sideways). He says they tilt far backwards, as they are able to control gravity around them, thus, perpetually "falling" sideways. It makes sense in the scheme of intergalactic travel

Looks like a mylar balloon, something like this: https://balloonsfast.com/square-balloons-silver-balloons-foil-balloon-1ct-17886.html or these: https://ae01.alicdn.com/kf/H64e63435780345b497bf56b08ce5f854u/Globos-de-aluminio-redondos-con-forma-de-diamante-para-Celebraci-n-de-beb-cubo-4D-de.jpg_220x220.jpg_.webp Deformed from winds at that altitude but you can still see the bottom point is flat like where you'd tie a string on a mylar balloon.

In my opinion, anybody that’s saying balón is a government’s mouth lips. Come on people!! Finally a good pic, let’s treat it like one.

This video was made in Colombia. I’ve never heard of “manta balloons” in that country at all.

Why am I not seeing any comments questioning the validity of this video? Very easy CGI job for someone who knows what they are doing.

That flat surface on the bottom almost seems fluid or gas like

Idk, to me it looks like a small drone, perhaps a cutting edge fly by wire stealth jet one? Why I get those vibes, I don’t know but I do. It could be a balloon but I don’t think so. I get stealth drone vibes.

I immediately see a balloon.

Kind of seems like a balloon to me

Clear? Who tf calls that clear except Bigfoots photographer?

Flying past an object in a thermal that is just floating around does not make it Flying. It's called floating....yes we all wish it was an Alien craft and I still read comics....hahaha

Can AI produce this?

Up all night long And there's something very wrong And I know it must be late Been gone since yesterday I'm not like you guys I'm not like you

A popped balloon

You guys know how easy it is to do this with cgi, right? Right?

If this is a fake why is this sub posting and upvoting this so much?

Oh look! An alien! You guys are fucking bonkers. Not shown in this still frame is the size. This thing is like 24 inches in diameter, max.

It's clearly a balloon if you watch the video. If it was a space craft, it would have to be for tiny aliens since it's like 1/30th the size of the single engine, small plane that was flying by it. Also, the pilot had to have circled back for another pass since he was clearly looking for it with his camera phone. No way he would have had his phone out and ready to zoom in on the balloon otherwise.

It’s Jean jacket

[deleted]

Literally looks like trash blowing through the air

It’s fake. The lighting and texture are a dead give away to me. For some reason I can tell CGI very easily. Fake gun fire kills movies for me. John Wick is great but all the gun fire looks like a cartoon.

I am very much a skeptic one many things, but if this footage is not CGI, this is an alien. Matches up with what I’ve learned and seen other footage of. At least that’s what I believe.

Almost identical in appearance to Bob Lazar's rendition of the "sport model". Flying exactly as he described as well...

Flying belly forward- bob lazar.

In the video, when the object gets close to the plane, you can see it tilt slightly, which seems to be an avoidence maneuver to turn away from the plane.

Okay but why was it in a screen grab from a video posted two weeks ago

Looking like a flying turtle then popped balloon?

My god, you people are gullible.

Pilot evidently thought it worthwhile to make one close flyby of it, but not a second? He must have thought it to be a mundane object.

Is it just me or does this thing have 4 corners? Four 45° angle corners, one of which comes to a finer point and curves upward? Why would any balloon be designed in such a way? Very very interesting.

To me this *still* pic looks like something designed to deal with aerodynamics loads. Roughly triangular, fairly symmetrical. The side facing us is looks close to flat. There is a discernible dark spot on each side. From just a still pic no conclusions can be drawn about it’s capabilities. It’s just kind of interesting from a perspective of aerodynamic design.

2023, after years of crazy bullshit, AFTER 3 confirmed man-made balloons were shot down, that's when aliens suddenly decide to show up and start doing balloon impressions. But for some reason, our alien denying government suddenly can't stop accidentally insinuating that this is aliens. You are all gullible as hell if you think this is aliens. While you arguing about this BALLOON, your way of life is being set on fire, and everything of value is being stolen from you.

Federation Ship from Lilo&Stitch https://images.app.goo.gl/Wj3pJtQkYzxcf7U38

I find it interesting that the pilot, or the person in the right seat, just happened to be recording (with a handheld camera) just as they encountered the thing. I suspect that they saw it prior to the encounter and likely have additional footage.

Is this a still from a video? Is there a video of this?

I mean you couldn’t ask for a better clearer image but yet I still don’t know what it is. I can’t make a determination. I kind of lean on the balloon theory slightly more but I would like to hear from the pilot. Was he circling back around because he saw it previously and this is why it appears he is going back to see it again this time with his phone ready? Idk but I can’t get over how amazing and clear this footage is. Too bad the circumstances of this video aren’t different in a few ways. Inn a way we would be able to determine more about the object. Is this the real deal? We will likely never know.

There was a video that's been scrubbed off the internet of a sphere that's being circled by a helicopter. That one was very interesting.

It’s cool whatever it is. Leaning towards a balloon as it’s acting just like a balloon does. Question though, why do you guys have so many balloons? and acronyms?

I see the back of a Baby Yoda helium balloon rotated 90 degrees counter clockwise. Can even see the flap on the right side where the string would be tied.

Clear as clear dog shit after being shit on by more shit.

The odd thing about this video is... why was the person recording in the same direction, almost waiting for it to come? It was super odd. What do you guys think about this?

IMO anything with aerodynamics considerations in its design is likely human, craft that can accelerate at 20 000 gs and transition between water and air seamlessly don't need to worry about turbulence.

Yeah... I'm pretty sure it's a mylar party balloon. It's hard to get a sense of scale or speed, but from the video it appears to be small and relatively stationary to me. Enlarging and make it a static image just makes it _worse_ and easier to take out of context.

It's not a UFO, it's ours (US/Canada/UK Future Gen Aircraft project).It has a clear aerodynamic design - meaning this craft is meant primarily for atmospheric flight. Alien tech will not have this design, and aerodynamics will not be a design feature. Their propulsion systems make the need for aero design unnecessary. Also: What better way to scare the world than to have a couple pilots on a night run try to track it and get some footage so the Military can observe its signature from potential enemy aircraft? Also, not informing the pilots would provide a realist simulation scenario for how combatant pilots would react to the sighting. This is either "Aurora" itself or the smaller drone/unmanned version they're working on to be part of each B-21's Drone Swarms - this will be the single most devastating weapons system on Planet Earth and, once unveiled - It's going to end wars pretty fast. The US will have near immediate strike capability that cannot be defended against via AA/AMD systems. The drones protect the B-21 until it's ordinance is delivered, then it's gone. We've already won the next conflict and Putin and China know it - this is why they act so insecurely.

It's a balloon, nothing to see here..

It was edited in and proven to be edited on the post of the video this screenshot was taken from. Seriously stop falling for this nonsense. Even if it wasn't edited, it could be a million different explainable things before it's a ufo.

Well it's definitely not the Russians or the Chinese. It looks like it works.

Interesting the ufo that crashed at roswell was supposedly manta shaped

[removed]

To me that looks pretty damn near identical to the balloon, when I first saw the video I thought it was something special but after seeing the balloon I feel like this is prob not anything too crazy

I can’t say for sure it looks like anything to my brain. Very interesting, have the cgi manifestos weighed in? They have better eyes for fakes than I. But if we can determine it’s a physical object, then it is pretty odd. The camera and the plane seem to turn into it and focus for it. So that would be hard to do no?

It looks like an Aurora model.

Something to note. It’s flying belly first to me. Just like some of the footage the navy put out and bob lazar said.

Ballon 🎈 https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/12ddzxs/another_clear_uap_caught_on_film_flying_by/jf6k353/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=1&utm_term=1&context=3

Killer whale in the sky

Doesn't look like any balloons I have ever seen.

Ok, so clear image of a stupid 'shop. Nice ...job? No one ever asks why; if aliens want to remain hidden, do they enter our atmosphere at all? So, light years away they detected us... Flew here with magic... Decided to remain hidden... THEN drops below cloud altitude and accidentally into the path of regular human jets, but also they're a comparable size (not 10x bigger or 10x smaller) to the aircraft making the "observation". So sometimes these UFO's have lights?? Wh..... Why ..?? Why would they have lights? What possible reason would they have to be physically present anywhere within observation range? It takes some flat earth level logic to believe there are some extra planetary visitors here that are JUST beyond our reach.

Does anybody else remember that image that was here the other day, of the inside of a hanger with two objects in it? This shape reminds me of those. **Edit** [Found it.](https://i.redd.it/h4wh3kq1s0ra1.jpg)

Just another pico hobby balloon, nothing to see here. If we scramble jets again don’t worry and don’t ask for any more pictures.

It’s a uafpo!!!! Fo show…

What the hell is that!?

Very interesting. I don’t think it’s a balloon, but I am certainly no expert.

Fallen angel from the bible. There are no such thing as aliens.

It’s weird, but nothing says “this is a balloon” to me about this one.

The original video is pretty clearly edited. No way a pilot is tracking that small object visually. How can he perfectly pan at the right moment ? Fuck outta here

Isn’t that Jean jacket?

Looks man-made to me. 😶

May be worth revisiting this post regarding manta- and stingray shaped craft: https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/11tdmt3/eric\_davis\_mention\_of\_an\_alleged\_1947\_manta\_ray/

I think the zooming in the video is unrealistic. That would be superhuman reaction time for something that just appears in frame. I don't buy it. edit: you all should watch the video before downvoting me - I swear, this community is horrible https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/12ddzxs/another_clear_uap_caught_on_film_flying_by/

Regardless of shape/profile, the one observable I'd prefer to be apparent, isn't ; "Plasma Aura".

Balloon my ASS!!!!

The "lower" side ie the side facing the camera looks flattened. I think a balloon would be more rounded ?

That is one fast, quiet, stealthy weather balloon. Shit

its got a head, flippers and a tail, its a whale balloon thats about to pop cause its so high.

Cant wait for the debunkers calling it a balloon lol

Looks like it was going "belly first" too, just as Bob Lazar stated

It's a motherf#*@&! UFO people!!!! Please open your own minds while you still can.... I saw 1 exactly like this and what you see in the GIMBAL footage and They can move at the speed of light. I encountered 1 in 1994 when I was 8 years old with my mother and grandmother. I 100% know we aren't alone here and am here to tell you whatever it is, if what I saw is human, then we need to give the human race waaay more credit for our achievements in areonautics & physics. It's time to BELIEVE but it doesn't really matter to me if you do or you don't. Because I know and I feel it communicating without words to me STILL to this day. Becoming LOUDER and more apparent everyday. I felt it then. I feel it moreso now. My fellow redditors whom have also legitimately encountered this thing/things, you all feel it too don't y'all? This year, something big is coming out of its darkness and into ours. I long for the truth of what is on the other side of the ice wall in Antarctica. I believe knowledge of what the "moon" is lies somewhere within that area as well. I can't explain why I feel that. But I do believe that.

There must be some ai that can see a picture like this and find the best possible matches. My brain can’t make much sense of it. Could be a UAP, a very weird balloon or some random object I just can’t make sense of.

Any guesses on size yall?

If you zoom in when the object is at distance (earlier in the video) you can see two horizontal “wings” in addition to the two vertical ones. [https://imgur.com/gallery/D3G9N3k](https://imgur.com/gallery/D3G9N3k) Very oddly shaped, indeed.

Looks like a dolphin took a big breath like a cartoon character and started floating around.

Uhny Uftz, hopefully it’ll be ready for Christmas

Scene from the movie Free willie jumping whale

I do not leak navigator. You leak, remember?

Heavy graduation cap

“Looks like a cast iron flatiron”

That’s some Flight of the Navigator type stuff! ;)

I think this is the spaceship from the flight of the navigator.

Bob Lazar on his way to work.

I’m noticing that in my feed, the original posts of sightings in general sometimes appear to have 0 upvotes, and occasionally in those comment sections I’ll find week old accounts with comment history full of debunking. Usually the posts with 0 upvote and lots of comments seem to carry some more weight to them than the rest. Or maybe it’s just part of the algorithm and I’m just looking too deep into it. The “bad actors” are real though, sometimes they post regular stuff to get us riled up too.

Source? Location? Date? Can't find any information anywhere. Why is this not all over the news?

[removed]

That looks like the flying sub from Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea

Cool trash bag

Damn aliens and their mustache joyriding through our atmosphere

Flight of the navigator

The question is , can any balloon make it to 20k ft? If so , then this could be anything .

It’s Hedorah

“Flight of the navigator” was spot on if real

“Flight of the navigator” was spot on if real

Where is a link of video. Yeah I'm lazy. Help

Any reports of a kid called David suddenly showing up after going missing 8 years ago and hasn't aged a day?

Well if it isn’t the good old “sky whale”

That is a Manta Ray

You are, The Navigator.

Gojira - flying whales

7th Gen fighter. “Ameeerikkkaaa, FUCK YEAH!”

Looks exactly like a ringside wrestling bell.

That's literally shamoo

Deep fakes are getting good

The bottom being less reflective and more closely resembles the shade of the clouds is interesting almost as if it is meant to blend in if bottom down

I’m happy we are looking at this a lot bc when I first saw the Og video I was also like yooo wtf! I’m glad it kinda took off and we didn’t dismiss it

thats a really similar outline of the one the navy pilot was chasing and also the really small one cruising just above the water. its pretty smallish.

Looks like the conch shells from teotihuacan

you are….the navigator

It’s the flight of the navigator

China hypersonics

This is very compelling. Jeremy Corbell must be pissed 🤣🤣👍🏻

No way is this a balloon.

Flight of the navigator remake

https://i.imgur.com/mYAPSnF.jpghttps://i.imgur.com/4IFyHho.jpghttps://i.imgur.com/nWX5rrZ.jpg It s only me or this thing is the same as the roswell ufo ?

This is pretty compelling

Its interesting fo sure

🛸 👽 real ufo....I believe that

Travelling belly first eh. Where have I heard this before..? 🙂

Please look at this. [https://imgur.com/yySPHO1](https://imgur.com/yySPHO1) both captured by video, in flight, by airplanes.

Wouldn't a baloon float with the dome up and not with a corner up? If it's a baloon the orientation is floating looks counterintuitive to me. What you think?

This is a still from flight of the navigator. Op is bullshitting.

You can see in the video where they cgi it in, a square pixel right before it appears. Slow the video down to .1 and watch. Its a good fake though.

it come from section 51 hoax ufo channel https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYHbkAIpZzM

I LOVE how this idiot /u/no_win_4396 tagged me and then blocked me. No, I haven’t gone quiet at all. Still replying to you UFO nutjobs. [Also love the guy who claimed Festo made only one - that’s a complete lie and heres there online catalog where you can purchase it. ](https://www.festo.com/us/en/register/) [Here is the side by side, for those who want to be objective rather than hysterical.](https://i.imgur.com/evvb36u.jpg)

do you think they also have to report to someone? Like would they be written up for being sloppy and actually getting caught at a relatively good picture? They must have standard operating procedures regarding being caught in pictures clearly, like they know they’ll be caught in video/pictures but they have to make it close to impossible to get a good picture.

Cgi. Not even that good https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/12ddzxs/another_clear_uap_caught_on_film_flying_by/jf6kar1/

The bottom is so strangely flat

People need to wake up and realize we have a "Fleet" of space vehicles. One of which can hold 300 personnel supposedly. Hackers obtained off world crew logs and ship names all of which have no official registry.

We need video analysis to determine the speed of this object.

As Bob described it...

Clearly the manta balloon 🎈

Looks like the UFO was photo shopped onto a picture of the sky. Fake.

A triangular body is perfect for any multi-functional aerial craft. As long as the “cockpit” is center-mounted on either side, and rotatable…it allows the pilot to convert either of the other two points into the “front” at any given time for quick maneuvering.

This is fake.. u know by the pixels surrounding it.. it’s good but not real

Absolutely ET!! I can definitely make out the outline of the fusion unit for the Brownian motion powered Infinite improbability drive.

I think we have different definitions of "clear"

Anyone else thinking it looks just the UFO sighting at NY WTC? The one where a couple is in a helicopter and the UFO makes a really sharp turn to avoid crashing with the helicopter

I feel whenever there's UFO sightings, dudes are like "yo whip put the DSi camera!!!"

It should be mentioned if it hasn't already that the light you see in the center of the craft goes from off to on and then off to on during the video

But where are the scratches in the molecules? Stupid fuzzy picture.

This is a stingray

I don't think it's a UFO, I think it's technology that hasn't been released to the public yet, or maybe it has and I just haven't seen it yet

Suck on that NDT

Purely speculative but if it is infact the SAME craft as the gimbal footage, what in the fuck is it actually getting upto down here? It's been a while since some good footage surfaced. Refreshing.

Whoa. I love it. I hope they’re nice guys someday to us.

U.S. Air Force testing new sixth gen aircraft.

I love it! I hope “they’re” here to help😎

I love it! I hope “they’re” here to help😎

Very clear image 👍

Well boys I’ve watched this a grand total of 7 times now and see no obvious fuckery afoot. They’re here.

This looks exactly like that other “jet pack ufo”, does anyone have a link??

Independence Day UFO

100% UFO. Aliens do exist and they are on this planet.

It's not a balloon, because it's fake. Doesn't it seem odd that the video was taken with a potato? Or that he zooms into nothing and zooms out as an object he couldn't see is coming into frame. An object he doesn't turn to follow with the potato of a camera he's using. Let guess, UFOs can turn 4k cameras into potatoes..

https://www.lockheedmartin.com/en-us/who-we-are/business-areas/aeronautics/skunkworks.html Here ya go guys it's one of Lockheed Martin's anti gravitational propulsion systems pretty bang on match if you ask me

Can we have the people that want to disprove anything posted on this sub get banned. It seems like any video posted on here has people automatically claiming it's a balloon. Shame on the people just up voting them too.

So y’all didn’t see the two craft chasing it then?

Looks like an albino alligator crawling through snow

Just heard back from the Air Force. They said they had no idea about this and that it's nothing to worry about, not a threat. We're fine folks, Air Force is all over it.

Aliens from other Galaxies have been here for hundreds of years and walk among us daily. They keep most people blinded by thier own stupidity!

That's a fucking UFO my dudes..

[Made a little frame by frame clip. Enlarged/zoomed by basic interpolation 1->2](https://imgur.com/a/oKvJwiG)

This is also exactly what Kenneth Arnold described that coined the term “flying saucer”

It looks like the gimballed uap

Can someone explain to me how if these things fly belly like this. How can they go so fast without wind drag and disruption of the surrounding air? No air trailer, no wobble.

If this is legit it’s moving fast as fuck. Look how far it moves with 1 frame . It’s moving as quickly as the engine rotors

You can clearly see it's the stingray that killed Steve Irwin. It died and got rejected from heaven. Pictured here descending to hell - where it belongs.

It’s water powered

Kind of looks like a stealth drone the navy was developing.

[deleted]

[removed]

That’s a spy drone. The shape is too “governmental” and not exotic. Maybe one day.

Interesting that it seems to have a shape to it but the one side of it seems distorted, but not like it's asymmetrical, but almost as if its vapor or cloud like. Now some will logically come to the conclusion that this sky trash...but we aren't dealing with anything logical when it comes to Uap, in fact if the hundreds upon hundreds of credible witness accounts are to be believed what in this picture almost backs up what most of us think these things use a s a form of propulsion it. I bet it looks all wonky on the one side due to a lensing effect of this of what could be a gravitational field or high EMP field around the craft. Complete speculation, but it kinda fits with what some of is believe and deduce. Then again it could just be a large piece of sky trash which I've never in my life seen or heard until there was a need to explain this phenomenon. Who knows, cool pic though. Gets the gears turning.

In all videos of supposed UAP I observe what’s going on around the sighting. It can tell more than the sighting itself. Two things in particular. The dialogue of those observing in terms of emotion not so much the comments themselves. Genuine emotion is difficult to act out in tone and inflection. Secondly the intro and out roll of the footage. Where and why would someone be taking video particularly of a blank sky. Why would someone simply stop the recording without some attempt to follow the object. This usually results in camera shake and desperate moves to reacquire the object. This particular video fails both counts as far as I can see so fails my litmus test.

Why was the pilot filming in the exact direction of the uap???

What is the source of this photo?

[removed]

Stealthy UAV. Boeing is working on something that looks a lot like this.

Perhaps it’s advanced Chinese ballon tech designed for aerial distribution or suitcase nuke delivery.

Looks man made to me? Lots of people know stuff we don't know and it's coming to a head soon.

More unclear pictures awesome

My problem with videos and pictures is today it’s crazy easy to create something fake. The compelling stuff for me is seeing a picture or video with corresponding radar/thermal data. Unfortunately for me pics just don’t do it anymore. Still cool looking what ever it is.

Man these guys are bad drivers

Forbidden ravioli

Some of the most compelling evidence I've seen. My only concern is it seems like the camera is positioned as if the operator knows something is coming.

Not really, I mean this could be a large verity of possibilities. You guys need to find definitive evidenc, no matter how advance the species is they are still going to be bond by basic physics. A ship of any size, moving at inhuman speed would produce a calculatable amount of force on the surrounding environment. No matter how advance their technology is.

I shall bring 1 ranger, 1 grenadier, 2 supports, 1 Templar, and 1 Spark unit.

It almost looks like a stingray fish

certainly looks fucked up enough to be real lol

Obviously is a ufo as it remains unidentified but it ain’t alien. We are seeing an unprecedented military build up in China. Russia has invaded Ukraine… the much more likely scenario is this is military tech of a very terrestrial origin.

Is this AI generated?

Can anyone link the original video? Having a hard time locating it🤔 please and thank you🩷

Seen this before somewhere it’s owned by the USA military.

Baby shark, doo doo doo doo Baby UFO!

My first thought is "how do i know some AI didn't make this video?" The more time passes, the better the fakes get, and I already can't tell. How are we ever gonna be sure when Disclosure finally really happens? I'll have an alien knocking on my door in broad daylight and I'll still be like "are you CIA??"

Good. Figure out it’s power source and lower my utilities please.

Pretty sure I saw this guy on the set of NOPE.

Lmao.. that’s a badly doctored photo of a passenger jet banking. Seriously.. lmao

[removed]

Camera shake at 11sec into the video, with distortion, is highly suspect.

Totally forgot where I parked that thing!

This is a party balloon. You can see the eyeball. Could be a shark, stingray, or maybe a turtle

wow so clear i can almost taste the bluriness

That looks too aerodynamic to be a UFO of alien origin. Usually UFOs don’t care about such things because their tech is simply not affected it. Perhaps a secret government aircraft being tested?

Guys chill it's literally an Orca

When looking at this, i come to the point that the footprint of this could be actually more like a square and not a round disc (when tilted horizontally)

If you don’t stop lol

That’s literally the b2 bomber from a weird angle

reminds me of the ship in Flight of the Navigator

This is clearly just an Eagle Ray that jumped just a wee bit too high out of the water.

Very like what Kenneth Arnold described and drew back in '47

I just watched this movie. It’s on Amazon Prime.

Tilt your head to the left , and now to the right ... and back again.

So it’s triangular at its ‘base’ and classic saucer shaped from the side. Fits a number of descriptions. Compelling…!

It’s military aircraft don’t be fooled

It is clearly a pirates hat.

But what is it?

Looks like an unmanned AI flown drone. I think these things come from a larger mothership and just keep surveillance on what we do. I also think it wanted to be seen. If they wanted to stay under the radar they could. I think they’re just turning off the cloaking and seeing how we as human will react to shit we don’t understand in the sky. Forcing us to accept what we don’t yet get

Probably just an intergalactic census probe. They’re just updating their records.

Its a human made structure

It’s hard to believe stuff like this in the age of AI

Let me tell you about a little project called dark star 😂

It's the Flying Sub, Admiral Nelson!

Chances of this video not being fake/edited?

Sorry bud but that is us! \]

Funny thing is the Roswell UFO was said to be ray-like shaped while Kenneth Arnold described the shape of the UFO's he's encountered as crescent-like which is kinda simillar to a manta.

I saw something similar in Nevada near Reno.

Long time lurker. Physics makes me believe these things are not manned or operated due to the Gs they operate. I'm guessing drones of some kind operated by someone or something.

Over inflated alligator pool lilo

where’s the video?

Can anyone identify the type of plane from the brief glimpse of the prop etc?

My thoughts immediately went to wondering at what angle would a flying saucer minimize its sunbeam reflections on one side while at the same time have maximum camouflage. &#x200B; Then I realized it doesn't matter.

The side profile looks like a spaceship for real. It looks like its flying sideways?

Lazar and the Gimble video described how these type fly by rotating bottom to target.

Nah man. I’m old enough to have seen Flight of the Navigator

looks like its wearing a moustache- cant be unseen.

You’re all talking about balloons like video editing doesn’t exist. My first thought was it was extremely fake.

It’s a balloon or something from another galaxy…this is getting ridiculous. Who cares?

I find it interesting that it looks like it is flying at an angle. Just like Bob Lazar describe the flying saucers at Area 51. There is also a picture of an old incident that occurred at an Australian school where the saucer is flaying Sideways.

Sir this is NOT a ufo. Its sir flappy flap. The manta ray.

No balloon has has a window and going super fast

I don't know, obviously it recalls literally a Balloon but we have too few infos to support any idea

It's a flying sting ray, obviously.

That’s no balloon. Usually on the fence with this stuff but that is most certainly something either top grade military or from another world.

I WANT TO BELIEVE

This is why scientists have changed Pluto to a non planet

This sub has to have the dumbest people I've ever seen in it

I really think we're dealing with life, not devices.

Looks like a stingray. I'm old and just noticed!

Looks like Hedorah

Wow good resolution and yes

I love that this is “clear” in this community. That picture is garbage. Best I’ve seen but still pure garbage. :(

Hey it's the Gimbal!

For some 10.000 ufo sighting, its might impressive nobody Can produce an actual piece or evidence that isnt a still image or a blurry video. You all have smartphones, some of you have expensive video cameras, when will you finally capture a proper pic? Have you considered maybe you’re just a bunch of gullible lunatics?

I missed the video of this craft, anyone got a link?

It looks like it’s mildly triangular in shape with a “bubble” type canopy, and tilted so the flat bottom is facing the direction of travel. Didn’t Bob Lazar theorize that was how the UFOs he worked around in S-4 operated?

I hope you didn't use any AI to do this as it adds details that were NOT in the original.

Flight of the navigator.

B-2 spirit bomber?

If it were a clear image, it wouldn't be unidentified?

It looks like a bird to me. xD

This is why this sub sucks. No context or link to original video. Just speculation and jumping to conclusions. Yea real compelling

What video? I only see a still picture. You’re all delusional. It’s probably a balloon.

It’s a balloon

Like…Jimmy Ballon?

Looks like it's from the movie "Flight of the Navigator".

It looks kinda like a fish/whale balloon? The white belly and the black dot at the top (eye)? And the kanda deflated fins at the side

He's gonna crash while checking out some daisies. COMPLIANT!

That's local......

Round part almost looks like a face from a profile or thats just my imagination.

That's clearly just another dolphin leaving earth.

Honest question. Can someone explain how it can’t be a balloon? I’m usually the believer over the skeptic but it seems like it could just be a semi-deflated balloon being blown towards the pilot. But I’m not an expert in any field so I’m curious.

Bro I want so much to pilot one of these. I'm pretty sure is freaking easy tho.

It's a plane. Maybe one of those body lift planes. Looks 'stealthy' as well.

It's clearly a balloon. I find some of the sheer stupidity expressed in this thread extremely concerning.

No that's a sky dolphine

Creature from nope

Crystal clear 🧐

It looks like that one video a quiet a while ago where the UFO is shaped just like this and is descending but it looks like a pod of some sort with a single occupant inside of it.

It blows my mind just how unwilling y’all are to use even 1% of your brain. The “object” is roughly 2’ in size max. It gets extremely close to the window so it’s no doubt how big it is. So why can you see it so vividly when it’s hundreds of feet away? Mf planes crash into each other because they can’t see each other until 1 second before impact. Y’all think suddenly a pilot can notice an object so far away that he still hasn’t encountered it while grabbing his phone, unlocking it, opening the camera app, switching to video mode, and hitting record all while going hundreds of miles an hour towards an at best stationary object and at worst an object moving towards him. Like seriously, think for just one second.

Respectfully, that is not a clear image.

It's a balloon. Case closed.

[removed]

It's clearly a sugar glider on crack.

Finaly a clear video of a motherfucking UFO, and It looks like a submarine thing too

Yes, CGI is neat.

Pretty sure I saw this vehicle in Flight of the Navigator in 1986.

Look at how much visually and technologically our vehicles have changed in 10,20,30 years . These MF’s have been around since the dawn of man and they are still in “flying saucers “? This is the same image depicted in cave drawings . For Pete’s sake , that Mercedes Benz vision AVTR is more advanced than this . I’m all for the UFO’s I’m not doubting life outside of our planet but this seems like some cheesy outdated man made horse shit .

Looks like Flight of the Navigator

New fighter jet

The fucking navigator

[removed]

What the fuck is a "manta"?

I think it is a combination of the Lockheed compact fusion reactor and Dr. Salvatore Pais’s work on inertial mass reduction. https://patents.google.com/patent/US10144532B2/en?inventor=Salvatore+Pais&oq=inventor:(Salvatore+Pais) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lockheed_Martin_Compact_Fusion_Reactor Removing wind resistance would be a game changer but require an amount of energy that batteries aren’t going to make happen.

Why would aliens paint the bottom white?

“Clear image” looks blurry to me

Looks like a stingray

It’s a Pokémon.

Fixed wing and has an exhaust visible. Painted in standard camo too. Light on bottom dark on top. New fixed stealth stuff. 100% it's ours.

This looks like a movie clip from flight of the navigator

Jesus Fuck. Give it up boys.

I believe the object is probably stationary, the pilot probably passed it then turned and made a second pass to film.

Look how the bottom has the appearance of a cloud. I wonder if the gravity distortion makes water vapor aggregate there?

Flight of the Navigator. https://youtu.be/1G13KzEJqBw

Looks like a thermal blanket or something. They're about this size, mirror reflective and insanely light. I could see them getting picked up off a boat deck or something.

Y'all miss the USAF logo painted on the top

That's a winner!

If you want people to believe in a supposedly "real" UFO image, then I wouldn't make it look like it's a UFO from a 1950s scifi movie.

Faker than Richie Sunack's ability to run the UK. Sorry.... (Lots of image editing artifacts if you care to look at the video frame by frame) Eta: Spelling - I tried

From some of the other frames.. It looks more like a square or triangle.... It's pretty weird manta ray looking thing.

This looks like the old lifting body experimental designs of the late 70's to early 80's

I criticize this sub a lot for posting shit videos, but this one is actually pretty damn interesting.

Everyone is saying it’s stationary, but I see it coming from inside that cloud at first. I could be wrong but it def appears to shoot out of the clouds.

Is this a still from Flight of the Navigator? 🤨

Btw, the plane looks like it’s flying at 7,500ft. Not 20,000ft. (Looking at the altimeter)And looks like hilly terrain so I’m guessing around 4000-5000ft above ground level. A ballon can get there, easily. (Not saying it’s a ballon, just stating the altitude)

Does anyone know the origin of the video? What did the pilot say about it?

Looks like a lifting body glider. Something that would be dropped from higher altitude and allowed to guide down, maybe with some control from adjustable surfaces.

I bet that’s some new drone the USA developed

Clearly a bird filled with svamp gas

Does anyone know the coordinates of where it was spotted?

Does anyone feel like the water is too muddied by not only drones, but AI, stable diffusion et al? I wish that this video released 4-5 plus years ago!

Looks like Flight of the Navigator.

There are so many better pictures and videos out there than this shape speeding past an airplane going probably over hundred knots.

Being that the aircraft could not have seen this coming because of the UFOs small stature, the aircraft must have been making a second pass to come back and see the UFO again. If this were a balloon of any kind, by now it would have been getting tossed around by the sheer volume of wind for the passing aircraft and normal airstreams. The video shows this object staying completely stationary at high altitude, something a balloon cannot do.

Just let them fly in peace.

I love how it conveniently looks like exactly what sci-fi writers have been showing us for decades!

Wow a random chunk of aerial debris. Who fucking cares. Because it’s shaped like a cartoon spaceship? You nerds are so easily manipulated.

Wedge shaped space plane/shuttle facing away from the camera. Seeing the bottom of the aircraft and a bit of the rear of the fuselage.

[deleted]

American tax dollars in motion!

Lol this sub is filled with morons. Always a good laugh when I see it on r/all

This would be so cool if it was a UFO, but I’m thinking this is just convincing CGI. Notice how the clouds in the background kind of blur? You’re not getting that blur on the object itself when you look at it frame by frame, pictured below: https://www.instagram.com/p/CqsmstxOIn_/ And as always, how convenient that they just so happen to be recording when the object flies by? Though they could’ve been recording the whole flight and just cropped this section out of that footage.

Can someone link the video please?

Lmao you people are such dorks. Yeah sure, aliens discovered how to navigate the universe reliably enough to enter the atmosphere of an exoplanet just to look at us and hey, their spaceships? They’re in a shape that we, a bunch of mentally ill monkeys, imagined they would be ~90 years ago.

People need to get their heads out of their asses and realize this is all real. Nation states have access to incredible sci-fi level technology including the ability to generate earthquakes anywhere in the world with the press of a button. The Turkey/Syria earthquakes were demonstrations of this power by the west. Go back and look at the timing of the first three earthquakes based on usgs observations. Go look at the strange circular cloud formations that occurred directly over the spots of the earthquakes as they happened. Go look at the location of the massive earthquake that occurred right on the Chinese Western border the week after the Turkey earthquakes. Realize that these were demonstrations of western power to the rest of the world. "Fuck around and find out, we'll just level your cities with earthquakes."

Is there video of this?

Reminds me of the ship out of the film “flight of the navigator” when it goes into “fast mode” https://youtu.be/RbuOHKlvtz8

Is it me or during the 0.1x speed video, the camera/clouds/plane sorta glitches like a "wave" right before the first appearance of the dot?

The magic conch!!

Photographs just can't prove anything. They can barely be taken as evidence of anything. Everything is either too blurry to know or if it's clear, then it just arouses suspicion as to why it's not blurry. In either case, it's hard to shake accusations of fake or mistaken identities. That said, cool photo.

Video link anyone?

Chinese tech

That’s literally nothing.…

You're right that its a UFO, but to assume that it came from a species other than human is asinine

It looks pretty American to me, just like U-2, Blackbird, F117-A...

I don't get it. Why is this video assumed to be more convincing than most?

I'm not saying it is a ballon but this one has a similar look if it was slightly deflated. Hard to say the size of the object with out any reference. https://www.amazon.com/KatchOn-Rose-Gold-Balloons-Pieces/dp/B0BRSYVYVT/ref=sr\_1\_176\_sspa?th=1

Obviously that’s a flying stingray. Duh they’re over the ocean

Naw im pretty sure thats gru's airship

It appears to be stationary.

That's the ship from "Flight of The Navigator".

The object appears to be responding to flight dynamics of traditional aircraft. Notice the banking angle while apparently executing a turn. I would think that an extraterrestrial UFO would have a totally different flight dynamic to the extent it appears to defy flight physics as we know it and design our aircraft flight capabilities.

a few years ago I read a paper about how aircrafts would one day soon use minimal propulsion and generally fly off of aerodynamics. I think we're starting to see that more and more. An innovation could he balloons that can remain stationary and also utilize wind patterns to move around.

It’s definitely a UFO, but I don’t think it’s an Alien Spaceship.

Looks like a classic saucer to me

Any update on the source from Twitter?

It looks like a weird bird.

It looks like the top of a crappy air conditioner or something lol

Guess what people there's UFOs and they come from other galaxies. You should question everything that you've been taught to this point.

Balloon drone.

Least CGI UFO:

This is clearly the elusive spherical cow

What are the people saying in the video? the end sound that sounds like a laugh/chuckle makes me believe this is doctored for fun

Time to buy a space gun.

Looks like one of those wingman drones.

Clear image of something that’s unidentifiable?

Can someone explain to me what difference it makes if aliens are real or not?

Here's my question: why only one video? Surely after seeing something that incredible, you would do a U turn in your plane and try to film more, from better angles? Maybe even circle around it from a safe distance. Especially if the object was stationary (which it seemed to be).

🙄🙄🙄 it’s Disney! They’re just filming a live action film of Lilo and Stitch.

For me , that looks more military than UFO. Just my opinion

Flight of the navigator

This is not "clear."

Oh "Flight of the Navigator." I remember this from the 80s

Is this warframe?

Looks like the ship from "Flight of the navigator"

Why was it zoomed in?

Link to video? Only see Still image

Has anyone been able to estimate the size of this ufo?

I used to think that humans with gravity drive would be a great thing. Now, i think we're better off going extinct than spreading... whatever this is, around the galaxy. We are not an advanced species. We're a parasite.... though, gravity drive would instantly demonstrate how barbaric and insane it is to use internal combustion to get around.

It's so clear that I can count all 12 pixels in the image

Looks to me like someone yeeted a stingray like a frisbee.

Some mantas get pretty big air.

Im not sure I beleive any of this but that UFO guy Bob Lazar who says he worked at area 51 claimed that these saucers would fly belly forward..just like this

The object itself is interesting but what's more fascinating is the fact that we finally have a post on r/ufo that isn't something blatantly obvious and some guy trying to desperately pretend it isn't a plane, despite you can almost see the passengers boarding it.

That's lilo and stitch space ship

Okay, now we know how the whale ended up in the rainforest!

Clear relative to what lol. I can count the pixels

Black knight!

We have power leveled to a level where we can see their movements. This is just Like Dragon ball z. But of course their power level is too high.

I wonder if the theory of high speed not getting caught well on a cell phone camera is true. Huck a Frisbee, and snap

I’d bet my life it’s the weather ballon that was shot down by the US just moments after it was popped…Let’s gamble!

That’s US aircraft, aliens are as real as fairies. Time to grow up

Could it possibly be the pokemon Wailord?

Looks like experimental space fighters for orbital combat...

That new S23 ultra works wonders huh? Got it like 10 days ago and I love it

How big does it seem?

Looks like a gen 6 fighter plane from the rear. Hate to be contrary but that's what it looks like to me.

Clear image of an empty bag of chips drifting on an updraft. Bravo, /r/UFOs.

>Clear image Is jpeg'd to shit

Flight of the Navigator-ish.

Yeah it's definitely a UFO. Absolute no brainer

Kinda looks like one of those bombers and the shadow it’s casting

Bro that’s a hat

Looks like a weather balloon to me

See you later Navigator...ha ha ha

We don't know what the word "clear" means, do we?

This might be the most convincing evidence I’ve seen yet. So freakin awesome.

Grogu head balloon

Looks like a shot from a specific movieI liked that movie. Shame the props ship were never taken care of.

Looks like a man lifting body to me, but video would provide a lot more clues…googling…

Just like Lazar said 🥹

The media has most people all messed up, and they’ve achieved a perfect narrative for anything UAP related. If I hear or see “it’s a balloon” one more time..! Gobshites and Morons will say it’s a balloon, without one modicum of sense in their empty heads. We are getting closer to full disclosure, and these imbeciles should be tarred and feathered!

[removed]

https://www.reddit.com/r/EngineeringPorn/comments/vgp065/flying_manta_ray_drone_at_dronecon/

Gci. Fake ass shit

When did this sighting take place? Very recently I assume? Anyone have an article or location or sighting?

This is just a stingray. Next.

Not very clear imo

This is something newer in its experimental phase. Aliens even if they have the technology to visit the pale blue dot would not waste their time or resource expense. And to fly in the atmosphere where they might be noticed would not happen when they would definitely have the tech to spy on us from a more distant place in space. However this does fall under the unidentified flying object category as its not yet known who or what nation is operating it. Nothing stays secret or unidentified forever.

https://imgur.com/a/DXQY7GG/ I mean is the object moving? Hard to tell. Is it rotating? Kinda looks like it but that might be the approach.

Google stealth drone and you will quickly find a range of objects that look somewhat like this made in US, India and China.

While I wouldn’t call this a clear image, it’s good enough to see some features. Looks like it’s made from some type of metal like stainless steel, I figure this because on the belly you can see the reflection of the clouds on it until the very tip of the high side of the craft that looks to be reflecting the blue sky rather than the clouds There also appears to be two bulbous pods midship on either side of what would be called the cockpit. Maybe that’s for sensors of some kind or airflow. Hard to tell but the top side looks like it’s some type of black material similar looking to stealth material we’ve seen. It also might have some kind of intake on the front. Alien? I think that’s inconclusive. Looks like a stubby more condensed version of our own stealth bombers- flying wing uavs.

just because it looks like a balloon does not make it one, and vice versa. the likelihood of either is about the same imo at this point in human history. aliens are real, our military had infrared lasers tracking on them, camera and all. we see them fly and move. it's published

What leads me to think this is fake is the distance at which the pilot starts tracking and following the object with their phone. Not saying it's impossible, just improbable.Still cool footage

Just call the Power Rangers

I think another aspect is how small it is when flown by. In addition to it constantly rotating.

It looks like a back/side view of the "metapod" craft that has been filmed. There is a video that someone made where they compare those videos to the Gimbal Video. When it's stationary it's vertical and when traveling it rotates horizontally like in the Gimbal Video

Reminds me of the X-47B

It's Jean Jacket aka evil whiteness lol

Fascinating, considering this looks very much like the drone concept developed for the U.S. Navy and Air force for their 6th Gen Fighters.

Y’all got a different definition of “clear image” than I do.

[sauce](https://www.reddit.com/comments/12ddzxs?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=1&utm_term=4)

Looks like the exact shape when those pilots caught that ufo on their camera that kept spinning around.

That’s a cloud with nothing else there

Looks like a screenshot from nope

Oh sorry guys, I let go of my balloon

Does anyone else think this ship looks “Alive”?

Oh no... That's just the northern lights

S. H. I. E. L. D.

It's the rare flying stingray!

It looks like the flying sub from Voyage to the bottom of the Sea TV series.

Just from the back it could be the elusive TR-3b. Though its just secret tech we wont get confirmed until its out of date if ever.

Or ya know it’s one of the hundreds or thousands of test aircraft’s for the military

Is this legit?

Atlantis has begun their assault

The tinfoil hats have been adorned. Excellent

Sorry, that was my tinfoil hat. It's been very windy lately

Clear image? You took a frame and somehow made the quality worse

Might not be an actual UFO but maybe something manmade but I'm glad we're done with the Festo air\_ray manta theory.

Well the one thing it definitely *isn't* is an alien. That much we know.

Looks like the one in Flight of the Navigator

It just looks like a sun hat that got whisked of by the wind.

Zorgon-Peterson testing out a new ship I see.

It's cuteeee!

Silly humans.

New to this sub. Who tf is Bob Lazar? Why is everyone worshipping him 💀

Looks like a broken black plastic bag

Fuck yeah I loved me some [Air Hogs](https://i5.walmartimages.com/asr/1342a0ef-fdd7-41dd-8a9b-6fc2497f8116_1.d6a47244539dcc9305f673e22d306361.jpeg?odnHeight=612&odnWidth=612&odnBg=FFFFFF) back in the day. Didn't know they could go that high though...

Looks military to me

the flying frog 🐸

Looks like a "bro'ed-out" Wrangler

Over the decades, I've noticed UFO craft(s) images have been becoming more advanced looking. They have been upgrading for sure and must focus on research and development. Anyways, take care fam.

Looks like a drone.

A boy is inside trying to find his way home to the 1980s.

Doesn’t look clear at all

The video shows square post processing artefacts. It was CGI'd in.

Why are the pictures they say are clear, never clear🤣🤣?

hmmm i stills see pixels

looks like a painting if im gonna be honest

Yup, super clear and totally not blurry shot of a definitely not photoshopped object

Remember when Bob Lazar said alien ships fly belly-first? That's literally what it's doing.

Balloon boy 2.0 - there’s a boy in that balloon.

If it has wings it's a lifting body designed to fly through the air. It wouldn't be a spaceship.

I didn’t know beluga wales could fly

That’s clearly a mantine

Sekret machine for sure.

There's a super slow motion video online where you can see, what looks like poor match move (slight jumping position not tracking naturally with the background, clouds, etc... could just be poor frame interpolation. Unsure

It looks like the magnet from the brave little toaster

Where was this??

I have a better chance of telling y’all what this is than telling y’all what a sub Reddit is.

Looks like a tailless stealth aircraft.

I’ve always wondered: do all UFOs look the same because they’re all based on the same photo of one OG UFO?

According to NEIHOThis is a small unoccupied camera craft from Sirius. A mothership is 200 miles up. They send them out to record images and call them back in. 🛸❤️

Did Shamu get launched into the sky by a hurricane?

I wish I could buy such ballons ! and spend some money just to release them and see them "fly". Maye to post on /reddit/ufo ?

I have seen 2 ufo's, similar shape, color black brown, they stay in the sky, and then just disappear. Location, Danmark

So that's what NGAD looks like

Sorry guys but this is CGI. EDIT: I went frame by frame and posted photos here so you can look for yourself [https://imgur.com/gallery/XZunCCl](https://imgur.com/gallery/XZunCCl) &#x200B; I have analyzed the slowed down video which goes essentially frame by frame found here: [https://files.catbox.moe/363uv3.mp4](https://files.catbox.moe/363uv3.mp4) You can follow along, go to 1:53 exactly and slow down the playback speed to 0.25 to get more time to pause and go frame by frame. The frames of 1:53-1:54 1st frame, there is no object 2nd the frame, distortion of the clouds happens, and the object appears/pops in (I do not think this is gravitational warping as you will see in a second) 3rd frame object is still there same clouds as 2nd frame but different than 1st now onto 1:54 1st frame, the object disappears, and clouds are distorted (like they have been brushed) 2nd frame, object is back, the clouds are slightly shifted to the left, as in the mask itself and the viewport are shifted slightly, you can see the edge as you go back and forth

Project Aurora.

It’s an Al-Kesh…

What's interesting is that the object looks organic in a way... It appears to have soft curvature and is not perfectly symmetric like what you'd expect for machinery. Of course that could just be an artifact of the film. I think it's interesting because there are theories floating around that some UAPs may be biological and from our own planet...like from our own largely unexplored vast oceans.

Independence Day got it right!

That is from flight of the navigator

Flight of the Navigator

Thats a Beyblade!

Thank you for sharing your recent UFO sighting. It's intriguing how such events can challenge our understanding of the world and raise questions about the unknown. Exploring and discussing such phenomena with an open mind can lead to new insights and perspectives.

New stealth aircraft

[removed]

Please be the underside of a bubbly imperial cruiser.

Looks close to what I saw during dusk. They tend to reflect mirror like. But its the lights that make them more visible.

[removed]

That’s the iron piece from monopoly

I wonder whats inside of those UFO’s

The entire video is here https://www.reddit.com/comments/12e16hb?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=1&utm_term=4

https://www.reddit.com/comments/12e16hb?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=1&utm_term=4 Here’s the video from the pilot

https://www.reddit.com/comments/12e16hb?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=1&utm_term=4 Here’s the video from the pilot

Looks like futuristic USA military craft.

USS Seaview Flying Sub

It's man made you oafs. And the speed thing... I think they figured out electromagnetic propulsion.

You said clear right?

First off, there is no dome to what is being viewed. The curved part is 2 identical parts joined towards the middle connected to each other. Kinda like a fancy looking moustache. The part its connected to is flat which is probably acting as a "sail". The object itself wasnt moving fast, the plane was speeding past as it was "floating".

Probably a spy drone from another civilization.

Can someone just list every fucking balloon out there that could fly at this altitude and pin the post so on every god damn ufo posting people aren’t screaming it’s a fucking balloon

lmfao "clear image"

Ngl I thought this was a snail on a wind shield

Possible UAP high stealth glide vehicle phase , released at ultra high altitude , glide body design, after mission complete flaring open to allow engines to start for return home. Next gen is going to be crazy

[removed]

Thats the new 2023 sports model its quite expensive for rich Alien kids only

Its a flying Manta Ray oooh man she is chasing him even up there.

Can anyone determine the size of this?

I cant believe this shit has so many upvotes.

This is what y'all are calling a clear image?😶

We’ll hate to tell you all but that’s just a big piece of mercury water in the cloud which seems to have frozen itself in the side of the cloud. The way the sun light reflects off that frozen mercury in the water, you will get a metallic like structure. Hence this image. It’s just a big piece of frozen mercury contaminated water that has frozen on the side of the cloud. Lol. People come up with the dumbest ideas dont they.

Thats an American refuelling drone.

Me trying to fly

Looks abit like a snail on a window (not saying that it is)

It's like it's a creature.

This is no where near the manta balloon. The video clearly depicts something defying the laws of physics. Astonishing. As usual, it will be cast off as some weather anomaly or a rogue weather balloon look full of swamp gas. NASA is full of comedians. 😂

iTs A mAnTa BalLooN 🤡

Yes very clear

In the video, you can see the object way out in the distance and the plane is flying towards it. The UFO looks like its stationary as the plane flies by it.

That top corner looks blue. It’s almost like it has an responsive camouflage that couldn’t handle white clouds well.

It’s rotating

6th generation fighter jet?

Kera incident vibes

to me it looks like one of our new secret stealth type drones it looks to have a aerodynamic lifting body and that has been a concept flying wing design for sometime as efficient and very fast and stealth. and they have a full led projectors on the bottom so they can become invisible completely to human eyes when flying high. so maybe maybe not. it also does look pretty alien right.

it looks similar to the newest usa stealth wing style drone that has a led screen on the bottom to project the scenery above it making it appear to not be there it becomes invisible to the human eye. similar to ufo cloaking only this is only the first learning stages it becomes super advanced so the alien ships can literally sit infront of you and you do not see them. but if it flies like low infront of trees and changing environment you can see a distortion. seems to me most people here have never seen one at all. if you do want to see i have 150 plus videos all hard proof imho. most are at night but there's a few also in the daytime. all stable security cameras at my house. they watch us all! one from only a few nights ago see it 15 seconds into the video and then it repeats to show people. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlXduUQFd24&ab\_channel=UFOCHANNEL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlXduUQFd24&ab_channel=UFOCHANNEL)

It has an interesting shape.

Flight of the Navigator movie! I loved it when I was a kid!! Great reference!

Too high and fast

[removed]

It even flies belly out like all the witnesses say

Looks like the metapod UAP.

Not clear enough smh

If UFOs did, in fact, exist -- I don't think they would look like the stereotypical spacecraft from every alien-based movie.

Does anyone realize that this is CGI. The camera is literally waiting for the object and is centered and zooming directly where the object moves and stays centered the entire time. Anyone who has ever seen cgi knows this is fake.

Just going to say that the apparent shape could be due to lensing around the object. It may actually be spherical and smooth all around, as it appears on the one side.

Looks legit but nobody is talking about this video for some reason

There's a clear distinction between something that looks like it's inflated and made out of foil compared to an actual solid metallic object. Whatever this thing is, it's defo not the manta balloon. Or any other type of balloon.

The comments have me believing the goal here is to prove ufos don't exsist.

Bob lazar described something like this on the joe Rogan podcast, he said it was small, all one color and moved with it's belly pointed toward where it wanted to go. (Just like this one)

[removed]

Conical Bottom with round dome top - looks like a K4 - [https://www.researchgate.net/figure/UFO-classification-6-We-also-know-that-Tsiolkowskys-15-steps-of-cosmonautics\_fig2\_317720109](https://www.researchgate.net/figure/UFO-classification-6-We-also-know-that-Tsiolkowskys-15-steps-of-cosmonautics_fig2_317720109)

I am not what are the artificial intelligence

It looks like a Jedi Starfighter 🤣

What if there are no aliens and mantas are actually this advanced society

I personally think this is the only video online that shows some credibility. Almost every other video is unclear, CGI, or just bull hockey.

Clearly a weather balloon.

Doesn't have to be a manned vehicle.. It could be their equivalent of a drone.

Smol UFO. A SMUFO

Like a balloon kite or something

Almost the size of some sort of squarish helium balloon i'd hazard a guess.

For every good ufo sighting there's a made up product conveniently lost to time

Great information! Clearly not the manta balloon

It's only the manta outline from certain angles, this is amazing footage of a UFO.

Huh ok. I rescind my previous opinion! We've got a bonafide UAP on our hands! (until proven otherwise)

Thank you for the super well informed comment, I genuinely love learning stuff like this!

This guy balloons.

Thank you so much for sharing this information, this adds a whole other level to this for me.

I don’t think this resembles the manta drone. At all. I think this is a head-on view of a longer craft tbh. It looks too terrestrial to be alien imo. What technologies are our own governments hiding from us, is the first question. I don’t think enough effort is put into that. Fuck the secret aliens, who are the secret physicists?

That’s awesome information! Can you link source?

Thanks for writing this. So many sheep here think what they are told by most upvoted comment ,which is usually"'its baloon" .BTW likes means shit, 70% of Internet are bots.

Oh wow. I thought it was most likely one of those manta balloons, but after hearing this I now believe it couldn’t be one if they aren’t even in production or accessible to the public. Thanks for the added context!

That fake bird they made was pretty dope though.

Thanks for the info I was just looking at the manta yesterday.

I got blocked for suggesting that this was a really good video, and that it was not a mantra balloon. Redditors are a different breed, I swear.

lol almost all Festo flying creations are flown indoors, because wind would rip them to shreds. I think they got their seagull to work outdoors for a 90 second flight because it was rigid body. This ain't that

YOUR SO RIGHT!!! wheres that balloon bandit at? he was here yesterday trolling like crazy

It doesn't even look like the shape of the manta balloon. The bottom is way too flat. This does look like a manta ray, lightly but not exactly.

I will admit, it looked like the Manta balloon to me, but I didn’t have this info. Thanks for clearing that up.

Only one made. Never sold. That's got to be it

[deleted]

It reminds me of when Bob says that it was smooth like a wax candle

unfortunately i don’t think this is 20,000 feet, since the video shows a dude flying a prop plane and I don’t believe they can go that high

Yeah, bud ya gotta let that manta balloon thing go. I mean i agree it may not be alien in origin but that explanation aint holding up.

I mean, chances are that’s not the only silver manta balloon ever manufactured. 🤷‍♀️

No but anything can get caught up in the wind. This doesn't show any signs of intelligent control.

Key word, 15 years ago. I lot can be done in 15 years, they didn’t just making advancements. And the Manta was never an item for sell, it was a part a long list of research projects, that other tech was developed around, like their elephant trunk.

It could be Version 10.1.

It’s a balloon. Making is float better isn’t rocket science. In fact, it’s probably far easier to get this thing to float at some random airplane elevation than 4ft off the floor in your living room. It’s a cool looking balloon. Claiming it’s impossible to make some Mylar look like this is ridiculous.

He’s no where near 20,000 feet in the air. He’s at about 13500 to 16000 That’s a Mylar balloon expressing signs of expansion and contraction due to helium being trapped inside. It’s most likely stiff from the air temperature at the top forcing the gas to “belly” towards the rear. First red flag is its stationary as the pilot approaches at 200 mph. Second red flag is the fact you can see it’s riding the low pressure of the cloud it’s next to. Third red flag is it’s on this thread. Edited to add a couple zeros…

It’s not a balloon, despite your 800 likes

Thing is, anybody can make a large balloon of their own at home. Even if it’s not THE manta balloon, there’s nothing stopping people from making balloons of similar shape or size

What's more likely, that another company made a similar shaped balloon, or this is some otherworldly technological creation? Folks here need to go to a few party stores to understand how many crazy foil balloon shapes exist, it's endless.

the whole “volume” point means nothing to me. you ever see a kid let go of a balloon? those are smaller. the manta was specifically created to float in a gymnasium but if you filled the bag with helium proper it would float pretty high.

I’m not arguing that this is the ballon, but this video was absolutely not at 20,000 feet.

Maybe it's a new manta design? I mean 15 years is a Ling time to develop better tech and make it work.

>The fact that this resembles the shape (and only the shape) of something made 15 years ago, doesn't mean is that. The fact that this resembles the shape of a UFO doesn't mean it is that. You're so close, you can do it. Go ahead.

> The fact that this resembles the shape (and only the shape) of something made 15 years ago, doesn't mean is that. True, but it's still infinitely more likely to be a balloon of similar design than an intergalactic spacecraft, given the stunning lack of evidence for that.

Did Op say clear footage ?

[Do you have a source on that? Because it seems to be available for purchase. ](https://www.festo.com/us/en/register/) [At the bottom of the page where it says “online shop” leads right to a login page that’s pretty typical of public sector vendors. ](https://www.festo.com/us/en/e/about-festo/research-and-development/bionic-learning-network/highlights-from-2006-to-2009/air-ray-id_33851/)

You do know that weather balloons can reach 60,000 feet, right? Not necessarily the Manta one from Festo. Also, lol @ “clear picture” And if this is a spacecraft how is it hovering in a foreign atmosphere with no sign of propulsion? It just happens to look like the cartoon aliens from the 50’s, huh? lame

Couldn’t reach, but if it were dropped in an airstream that high wouldn’t it work?

So that's an IFO, yay

Cool facts about Festo, that specific brand...but I guess this just means that no balloons can be shaped like that ever again right? They have a copyright on the shape itself and people can't/won't apply it to their balloons ever again. I guess so man.

>The fact that this resembles the shape (and only the shape) of something made 15 years ago, doesn't mean is that. This is almost reasonable until you realize that the alternate theory here is "ALIENZ!!!!1" Sure wish you guys could apply that logic to the ENTIRE issue.

Sorry mate, but you really need to post a couple of sources for your claim to become even somewhat valid. You are a random reddit post on an UFO Subreddit. This says absolutely nothing.

Because we only see the object for a split second, and the object isn't doing anything spectacular, it's difficult to rule out a balloon. It's difficult to gauge whether the object is moving slowly or stationary - just that it's moving much slower than the plane. It shouldn't be limited to the "manta balloon" specifically. I think it's an interesting video and worth looking at, but we can't say it's anything special because it doesn't *do* anything special.

It’s this: https://balloonsfast.com/square-balloons-silver-balloons-foil-balloon-1ct-17886.html I see no evidence to suggest otherwise. Per previous posts the plane circled back for the shot.

Yeah, I mean the fact that it looks exactly like the known manta shape balloon means that it’s certainly must be an alien.

Yes, completely impossible for a *proto*type to be further developed into a production product within 15 years. 👍🏼🤦🏽

But is it incapable of being inserted via AI into some hocus pocus bullshit video? No, it's not. Everything is succeptible to deep fakes. Just ask pink-haired Donald Hitler wearing leopard-print nekomimi and a qipao while twerking. Oh wait, they only exist in photorealistic AI pictures. This image is less clear than AI porn pictures of definitely not what I described above that I can generate in 2 minutes. I'm not saying someone actually AI trained this stupid balloon, I'm just saying they're so ready to believe in faith you could convince them it's Yahweh's turd controlled by the tiny little men Turk envisions as he poops. That's a Scrubs reference. Hello, boomers.

This is just a classic case of cognitive dissonance.

[removed]

Aren’t shapes the only thing we can compare these things to?

My guess is a solar balloon or high alt research balloon. The flat side doesn't mean it is truly flat but was for the moment the plane flew by it. Perspective is confusing in the air, the object itself may have been close to stationary or on a Windstream going in a different direction, so hard to say

[removed]

Skeptic here , would it be possible someone sold the tech or patent on this balloon? Perhaps another country , cause we've been seeing a few spy balloons lately , I'm brand new to this sub btw

[removed]

Maybe they got the design from some "extraterrestrial" sources 🤔 /s

What happens if someone left the window open and it floated out? P.s. Great write up thank you

https://www.lockheedmartin.com/en-us/who-we-are/business-areas/aeronautics/skunkworks.html

The only question about the smoothness coming from a skeptic if it’s not cgi is how fast is the craft moving and the frame rate of the camera…. If the frame rate of the camera is low it could creat an optical illusion of smoothness

They already got to the pilot he's not gonna talk

I’m not the pilot but I am a pilot. Looks like when you fly past a balloon.

I wish we'd know if Sentient is detecting these UAP's. Sentient is the automated program aka AI that controls our spy satellites. Remember the footage the pentagon released of the tic tac like UAP? It was recently disclosed that Sentient detected a Tic tac like object in 2021. Sentient is a real rabbit hole on it's own. It's real you can google it Sentient is ran by the NRO (National Reconnaissance Office). But as you'd imagine we know next to nothing about it. A link to the freedom of information act document discussing Sentient detecting the Tic Tac [https://www.theblackvault.com/documentarchive/highly-classified-nro-system-captures-possible-tic-tac-object-in-2021/](https://www.theblackvault.com/documentarchive/highly-classified-nro-system-captures-possible-tic-tac-object-in-2021/)

Go look up Captain David Fravor and listen to him tell his story.

If this video is fake, it is an extremely good fake.

Whatever it is, in the final few frames you can see the terrain reflected below and the white colour of the aeroplane.

The problem is there will NEVER be a video that everyone agrees upon as being real. It’s impossible. If they’re too grainy, the video wasn’t good enough and it’s impossible to see, and if it’s too clear / good… it’s “clearly fake / CGI”. Especially in our modern day where videos CAN be faked so well. It’s impossible to please everyone, especially this sub as it’s filled almost exclusively with pure skeptics. No video could ever convince the majority of this sub to think “well that’s truly strange”. This one might be the closest, and most of the comments are still “balloon. Next”.

If I had a guess, I would say it's a flying sea turtle Edit: I think I should add that the object does not appear to be a human being in a turtle costume.

It's smaller than the propeller of the plane, it's a damn balloon.

I saw this video yesterday when it first came about here, and the first thing that came to mind is the relatively stationary position of a helium party balloon mis-shapen by the pressure at that altitude, being pushed flat on one side by the wind, whilst being filmed by the fast approaching vehicle giving the illusion that it's flying towards the camera. I really hope I am wrong, because if true, I mean wow. but it's really hard to unsee it.

Earlier everyone was saying cgi and idk enough to speak on that but it just seems like if you were going to make cgi UFO video you would do a classic flying saucer or other common UFO type instead of this... Thing...

Just seems to much of a coincidence that pilot filmed it the way he did.

Looks like a water droplet sliding along the window.

Any size estimate?

Flight of the navigator remake/promo?

What the hell

Clearly a helium balloon from some kids 2nd birthday

Yeah that’s a balloon.

I know there's been a balloon spotting spree lately but calling balloons "quite interesting" is a bit of a stretch...

The GIMBAL footage

And same object as seen in some of the images in this news story.[Radar confirms UFO swarm around Navy warship](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPrYVmYkL5w)

It actually looks like the descriptions of the Roswell craft

They rotate to fly in a specific direction, or so ppl say.

Very much so now that you mention it

I 1000% agree!

Interesting observation

Not only that, but it also resembles the “Metapod” shape

Yup ! Was my first thought. Exactly the same shape

Let’s call them to shoot another balloon down, shall we

Didn't it turn out that it didn't rotate at all? It was the gimbal rotating? Correct me if I'm wrong.

It only rotates when the camera rotates

Looks like the the thing from NOPE.

https://imgur.com/dUM4QDH

As soon as I saw it I heard Paul Rubens voice laughing. "Compliance."

There's a big part of my childhood.

I have said this on several other posts.. maybe it is some kind of promotion for the remake of the movie or something??

I always thought that ship looked like those old Nerf [spiral footballs](https://www.carnivalsource.com/products/cs-gs900-football-party-supplies?variant=43633920245978&currency=USD&utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=google+shopping&gclid=Cj0KCQjw_r6hBhDdARIsAMIDhV8w744j9AD_w3tr9WBmxv4-8YtgdIoDCeqjHK2q0-_ek9L-cztyU58aAqXIEALw_wcB). Remember those?

I dont think this is the same type of UAP. Graves specifically said that they were a 'Cube inside a Sphere' type UAP. This is not that at all. This is the Gimbal UAP.

I couldn’t tell if it was ascending or the plane was descending.

[deleted]

I wonder if they’re actually stationary for that amount of time or if it’s just the way we’re perceiving it. So many things go through my head when I read about this stuff

Just curious, why do you hope someone debunks it?

During the Gimbal incident you can hear them on the radio saying theirs an entire fleet of them. The one on video was just the one they were able to lock onto with a visual sensor. We see one move at high speed, but they were likely all performing all kinds of aerial maneuvers

Here's an idea that might help debunk it as a balloon. It appears to be quite stationary, yet if it was a balloon that close to the plane surely it would be moved by the air pressure changes as the plane flies by To be fair we don't see exactly what happens as it goes over the wing, or if it is as close as it seems, and I'm not an aerodynamics expert by any means (my grandpa was) but if it was a balloon I am pretty sure we would see it accelerate as it gets caught in the air above the wings or maybe pulled into the propeller

I don’t think it’s compelling at all (despite the fact that I want it to be ) There’s nothing exotic about the sighting. I’m not saying it’s not unusual or UAP related but it doesn’t have any exotic flight characteristics or signatures of being UAP besides it’s unusual shape and it’s similarity to the gimbal video. Its most likely just a balloon of unknown design or origins despite what we all want it to be. However, If we knew the winds direction and speed and / or it’s altitude we might be able to discern some more interesting characteristics about it but as it stands it’s not to stand up as evidence that helps disclosure. Sadly.

I just watched for the first time last night and I dreamt about it all night, and then this today has me feeling queasy lol

I was gonna say lol

I think it has to do with magnets

My question is who released the footage?

This community is based on jumping to conclusions, dropping all skepticism and sensationalism plus a huge amount of disinformation and grift. What you are asking, kind Sir, is that it dismantles itself.

There's not enough skepticism on this sub.

Good reply, looks too good to be true, but if it is true it's so fucking good. But there has to be more info somewhere

I may be wrong, but arent you asking those questions? Also, there are like 10 posts of this video on various subreddits. They have more details there. This post is a follow up with an edited version of the OP video for clarity.

We get downvoted into oblivion when we do that

This sub is disappointing. I was looking for scientific method, some critical thinking, but it’s all just ‘yep, there’s proof’. Hurts the cause and makes the believers look foolish. Probably intentionally

After reading up on some declassified air force files, I'm just not convinced that this is alien.

I think that it probably is fake. Planes flying that high have collision avoidance systems. That should have engaged if there was an object there, but it didn’t. The video also starts recording way before the sighting, and the video follows the object, even though they should not be able to see it. If something were flying that close, and that fast, the pilot would try to get away, not take a video.

This is a still from the movie flight of the navigator

No matter what details you ‘demand’ online you can’t take a video as solid proof anymore without trusting in some extensive forensic video file analysis or relying on the word of others that they are providing accurate footage.

Is the object shining a glare on the window of the plane in a couple frames? Or is that something reflecting from inside the plane?

There is an a little trivia secret you can find in The Sims 2 for PSP Story mode that reveals the Roswell, NM Crash was in fact a weather balloon..... *AN ALIEN WEATHER BALLOON*

What if aliens are sentient balloons? Geniuser?

My man, thinking outside the tinfoil 😎

I once had a funny idea for a scenario where it turns out all the UFOs really are made by aliens but they’re only here to study our planet’s weather, so the government was never technically lying when they said it’s just weather balloons.

Unidentified, for sure. What’s the source of this?

Big happy disclosure day if tru

Ehhhh What's up Doc ? I would say it looks like a typical blurry UFO photo and pretty well non conclusive .

[deleted]

Of course no one has replied to this

Someone posted that an Instagram model Valentina Rueda took it or was in the plane. I don't use Instagram so I couldn't confirm.

I'm leaning toward CGI. There would be motion blur on that thing, its stays really sharp for something moving across the screen that quickly. If you watch [this](https://www.instagram.com/reel/CqsmstxOIn_/) and look at the inverted footage, you can clearly see the clouds have motion blur and they are even moving across slower than the object. edit: a word

Most airspace is uncontrolled. And balloons have the legal right-of-way over basically all aircraft as they're the least manoeuvrable.

I don't think it's being operated. It's just floating in the wind it looks like.

Unless it's a test video. They get great footage, it could be a leaked vid of new tech.

It's man-made. It's a balloon.

What about the pilot filming? He's aiming right at it and operating a camera while flying, how dangerous!

Reddit teens making up rules to the universe again randomly

I mean idk for sure about anything but It looks like it could be stationary though.. The plane just flies by at 200 knots, it looks like the plane is moving fast because of the clouds in the distance

I mean, it really is. Short of a video like the fly by where an object is flying alongside the camera this is as good of a video as anyone could ask for. Incredible footage.

This is very interesting footage! But reading through the comments in this post, I HIGHLY CAUTION everyone against saying things like "Oh my god this is absolutely a flying saucer from space no doubt". Speaking in absolutes about things you have no real proof of is how you get people starting to distance themselves from you and start to imagine you in a padded room. Try to work some skepticism into your thinking. It's very possible that this is just some experimental aircraft. Experimental aircraft is tested a lot more than you think.

And with belly up, which is how Bob Lazar has said they fly which I find interesting

That is the most truthful statement here. Lots of conclusion jumping around here. "That's no balloon!" "Spy drone" "Flying saucer"

A flight safety risk.

Some sort of object not on the ground. If we want to give it a catchy acronym, maybe an Off-ground Thing of Unclear Origin (OTUO)

Reddit can keep the username, but I'm nuking the content lol -- mass deleted all reddit content via https://redact.dev

https://i.ytimg.com/vi/nTIqV1AloOI/sddefault.jpg Or something similar.

A goddamned nuisance is what it is.

An Unidentified ~~Flying~~ Floating Object

Look up the movie flight of the navigator this is a still from that movie

This thing wasn't flying at extreme speeds. It was most likely stationary.

I think you can update the thumbnail after the video. I bet that guy saw this exact post and immediately updated his video thumbnail. I didn’t see this uap in the video

Is it possible the owner of the video changed the thumbnail video? Can you do that with your uploaded videos?

someone said yesterday its been going around on twitter for alittle bit, so uhhh maybe reddit is behind the 8 ball?

If this is the sports model than I would love to see the econobox version

People said that before Lazar, just saying.

And the Gimbal video.

If you guys want to be taken seriously you really shouldn't talk about the grifter that is Bob Lazar.

Lazar is a grifter and fraud. https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/oyxuok/bob_lazars_story_is_it_believable_here_is_some_of/

The plane is also moving. You guys never take that into account when you point out how the objects whiz by.

Balloon aerodynamics expert has entered the chat.

A balloon didn’t even cross my mind at all after watching the video. I know it’s usually a pretty easy and popular debunk, but I’d be very surprised if this was a balloon.

Your brain is playing tricks on you. You can clearly see the pilot banking and climbing to line up with this thing for the pass. That "J shaped turn" is an illusion of movement caused by the plane making these maneuvers. Same goes for any acceleration you think is happening. Its flight path straightens out as soon as the plane does. It's drifting in the wind.

This sub needs to fly in aircraft more often. Trying to judge any sort of movement of things in the air is incredibly difficult. Especially this small. This is 100% consistent with flying past a (mostly) stationary object.

Someone should do the math on how fast the plan is and how large it gets. You should be able to tell if it is not moving versus coming at the plane.

There's no possible way of getting a frame of reference for it from this video. It could be slowly floating. Just no way to tell from this.

If you slow down the video at the beginning its jumping around

Literally none of that happened.

It’s barely moving though. If it was moving at any decent speed it would have flown by super fast.

[Video](https://www.reddit.com/r/zero/comments/12e16hb/ufocaught_on_film_by_pilot/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button) also a slow-mo one in the description.

People said that before Lazar. Everything Lazar said someone has said before him. Not disagreeing that it looks like a saucer on the side, just disagreeing with making it about Lazar.

How and why are people still listening to anything Bob Lazar says?

Bob Lazar is a conman. https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/oyxuok/bob_lazars_story_is_it_believable_here_is_some_of/

Great shot, this looks great, I really hope it's the real deal.

The video looks exactly like a guy flying by a small balloon

How about a deflated balloon? That could explain the shape. Now there's not enough helium to continue it's ascension but there's plenty to keep it from descending. That combined with some clever parallaxing from the pilot as he's passing by the object and you have an UAP video for the views and giggles.

why is it not a balloon?

Like you could tell. Unidentified? Sure. But for anyone here to say what it is or isn't is lying to themselves and the rest of us. Unless you have it in hand, which you don't, you won't know what this is.

[deleted]

There’s nothing in this picture or the original video that should make you certain that it isn’t a balloon. Except your own biases of course.

Narrator: But it was.

Actually, this is r/UFOs, where everything is not a UFO.

It honestly might as well be

I find it very amusing that a lot of upvoted opinions on r/UFO treat "UFO" as "aliens".

you would think so with the amount of hype balloon videos get on here, but no it's not meant to be. every 6 months or so you get an obvious balloon video that gets thousands of upvotes, an entire week of analysis, and hundreds of comments saying "wtf this isn't a balloon, everyone saying it's a balloon is a government agent!" or some shit like that. usually they mention bob lazar too so i can only assume the people who do this are either naive or new to the subject. i've been here for about 4 years (this is a new account, i delete my reddit accounts every couple of years in the name of basic internet opsec because i value privacy and anonymity) and this happens at pretty regular intervals

I actually feel like I’m going insane. People are describing movement that doesn’t exist, and can’t comprehend the motion of the plane going past a tiny balloon. Really scary the lack of critical thinking in this subreddit.

Who is to say aliens are not very small?

Can you show us your math when determining the speed? And can you explain to us why whether or not it's piloted has any relevance whatsoever? I'd also like to know how you know so much about the size of non-human pilots.

Ever heard about drones my friend

Yeah…a different type of balloon.

To me, it looks small and was over taken by a prop plane

>Why does it all of a sudden go stationary? It goes stationary because they're on an approaching angle close to impact - only a few dozen feet by the looks of it. This is why midair collisions are so dangerous; there's little to no apparent motion in the windscreen. >Then how the fuck is that balloon not being tossed or thrown by the planes wind wash? Wingtip vortices/wash move outwards and downwards, and you wouldn't see much from a light GA twin like this anyways.

Why does anyone listen to or care what Bob Lazar says?

This has been said for decades before Lazar showed up, he took that from existing ufo lore, like the design from Billy Meier for the sports model.

I’m the original post someone said ballon and it got like 200 upvotes just like that For me it’s OBVIOUS there’s some nefarious intent to discredit good evidence

Columbia has balloon festivals every year where they make all kinds of funky ass balloons. &#x200B; [https://www.telesurenglish.net/multimedia/Colombian-Balloon-Fest-Honors-Mexican-History-and-Culture-20150102-0017.html](https://www.telesurenglish.net/multimedia/Colombian-Balloon-Fest-Honors-Mexican-History-and-Culture-20150102-0017.html)

It's funny most other subreddits if you sort by controversial you get pretty awful part of humanity. But on r/ufo you find the more reasonable answers. I think people forget this video started with some guy in an airplane filming outside his window and then this comes flying by at fast speed. It's pretty much a "and then everyone clapped"

Do you have any info on how easy it is to fake? Because anyone can say CGI, like you have, but if you don't tell us how you came to that conclusion, then your point doesn't hold any water. Maybe somebody that knows about CGI can tell us why it might be, but I don't think anyone has an explanation for it to be CGI, which makes me think this is legit.

[deleted]

Bob said the craft move with their belly’s up…perhaps it’s a diffraction from the propulsion system

And how the pilot would've been able to track this object with a phone while flying so fast. Seems like CGI added into the video afterwards.

Lol how can you say it is with such confidence seriously reaching.

Yep that thing is weird as fuck.

https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/oyxuok/bob_lazars_story_is_it_believable_here_is_some_of/

https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/oyxuok/bob_lazars_story_is_it_believable_here_is_some_of/

[deleted]

This is the second flyby. He states he's going around for another look.

I'm glad I'm not the only one who thought that

Apparently they said something to the effect that they were doing another pass of it. So I guess the second time they recorded it. Check out the video

I think the same, maybe they were trying to capture in camera as they had previously encountered it, explains the zoom in and out

A few posts down https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/12ddzxs/another\_clear\_uap\_caught\_on\_film\_flying\_by/

Everything’s a ballon

That ballon was a expensive demo unit, even if it made into production it would have to comply with FAA regulations to fly that high, it wouldn’t be just floating around

No lines are visible.

>The camera and the plane seem to turn into it and focus for it. Yeah, that's what you're supposed to do when precisely you are trying to film it. >So that would be hard to do no? Why?

Like back in the 80's in starwars Slave I, Boba Fett's ship.

It’s not the Festo prototype, that ballon is made for indoors and it’s fragile as a paper candle

I believe they are gradually exposing themselves to us. This is all done on purpose, why do you think we see more and more videos and pictures and whatnot and they keep getting better and better every day? This is part of a plan

It’s called radar. That’s one of the reasons we have radar on planes… to see things beyond the line of sight. Very easily could’ve tracked it on radar, and flown to investigate then grab video as they flew past.

It’s not zooming, the object past right next to the aircraft

Have you considered that just maybe the plane had already flown by it once and circled back around to get a video of it?

It isn't fast at all

https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/oyxuok/bob_lazars_story_is_it_believable_here_is_some_of/

Ice wall? Jesse, what the fuck are you talking about?

I think it's more that the bulge is discolored from shadowing, you can almost see a gradient on the left side (top since it's angled)

Lol how does somebody down vote that comment??

Skepticism is both good and necessary, as there are many jokesters and fraudulent forgeries in this sub. I get your frustration though, at least we are seeing more and more amazing videos like this and it feels like one day not long from now, we will be seeing something that will blow our socks off

Thank you for taking the time to do that for us! This thing has been all over reddit today. It's so interesting.

The plane is flying past it, the object isn't moving much at all

It runs on water man.

Makes sense if they saw it previously and the person filming pointed the phone at the last place where they saw the object.

From reading in earlier posts apparently the pilot turned around and this was in fact there second look. Some believe the object is actually not in motion but actually static in one location and appears to move only because the plane is flying past a stationary object. That sounds plausible but I don’t believe anyone has legitimately identified what the object is.

https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/12ddzxs/another_clear_uap_caught_on_film_flying_by/jf60uaj/

This subreddit is specifically for the discussion of Unidentified Flying Objects. * Posts primarily about adjacent topics. These should be posted to their appropriate subreddits (e.g. r/aliens, r/science, r/highstrangeness).* Posts regarding UFO occupants not related to a specific sighting(s).* Posts containing artwork and cartoons not related to specific sighting(s).* Politics unrelated to UFOs.* Religious proselytization.

This subreddit is specifically for the discussion of Unidentified Flying Objects. * Posts primarily about adjacent topics. These should be posted to their appropriate subreddits (e.g. r/aliens, r/science, r/highstrangeness).* Posts regarding UFO occupants not related to a specific sighting(s).* Posts containing artwork and cartoons not related to specific sighting(s).* Politics unrelated to UFOs.* Religious proselytization.

No advertisements, fundraisers, merchandise, or other commercial/fundraising links. Please refer to Reddit's self promotion guidelines. If you are interested in promoting your own work please contact us before posting.

No low effort posts or comments. Low Effort implies content which is low effort to consume, not low effort to produce. This generally includes: * Posts containing jokes, memes, and showerthoughts.* AI-generated content.* Posts of social media content without significant relevance.* Posts with incredible claims unsupported by evidence.* “Here’s my theory” posts without supporting evidence.* Short comments, and comments containing only emoji.* Summarily dismissive comments (e.g. “Swamp gas.”) without some contextual observations.

SMUAP

Kinda like the people that know the truth about all of this and want to keep it secret, can make sure certain products and models are out there that would provide an easy and swift debunking. I think the same thing happened with that alien doll that was sold at Wal-Mart. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised for them to deliberately release an alien doll (in small quantities) at some retailer, so that if somebody presented a real photo (like the guy that worked for Lockheed Skunkworks that showed the picture to Richard Dolan)

Sure, but it could be a literal manta.

Clearly not a refrigerator.

Well not clearly since we don’t have the object in question within our possession

This looks like a drone that was recently spotted via Google maps in the Skunkworks hangar at Edwards.

Based on what source? This could be BS made up the spot?

i can tell you what it isn't: an alien space ship

winds, intentionally brought to that altitude by some other small plane and many more explanations so u cant rule it out

Found it. If you look at the colors it’s clearly reflecting the colors around it. Blue and white. This is likely a drone with advanced camo https://youtu.be/pZMyWEWHCTM

That’s just Trimaxion guys, no need to worry.

Why is it clear? They only made a stronger point that it was, by saying it was in recent development. Can you have any more cognitive dissonance? (No.)

[removed]

Devil’s advocate: how would we have any idea what something “alien” looks like? Maybe it just looks too terrestrial because it’s actually a pretty clear picture for once

[deleted]

When you see this in the video, based on the angle it passes the camera I don't think it can be a head on view of a longer craft

No human would stack books like this

Yea the sr71 blackbird was built in the late 60s I think and retired but never "officially" replaced.

The secret physicist and engineers work for Festo.

It looks alien enough to me

Prototype series, and tests... maybe some curiosity and "ah fck im out of ideas, lets just run/test this and see what happens".

I have never seen something that is both artificial and extraterrestrial, so im naturally curious, could you describe what distinguishes it from the terrestrial? I guess you must have seen 100s of alien spaceships? Can sympatize with your distrust of secret physicists though. My biggest concern is all the secret dentists floating about and making holes in peoples teeth out of pure greed. Evil a f imo.

The (presumed) front profile reminds me somewhat of the [Tacit Blue](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northrop_Tacit_Blue) test aircraft, or maybe a combination of that and the Have Blue aircraft. (I'm not saying it's an aircraft or not. Only saying what it reminds me of.)

Technologies the government is hiding from you? Why are you assuming you’re kept abreast of any companies advances in R&D? Each company in the aircraft industry spends so much money and effort to innovate each little thing, they keep everything under wraps to prevent their competition in the market (and globally, by law) from just instantly copying their work & losing their advantage. This country is economically and politically defined more than anything by driving an arms race against the world since WWII, aircraft are the most expensive and effective weapons we have. There is absolutely no one in the industry saying “well now that we built this testbed prototype, we’d better make it public right away bc it’s very important that Jim in Wichita knows the details of what we’re doing. The answer to the question is: they’re “hiding” as much as possible.

[deleted]

https://www.reddit.com/comments/12e16hb?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=1&utm_term=4

It ain't them that you gotta worry about man, it's the little creepy crawlies, they got them everywhere .

Allegedly, this is a Beechcraft King Air 350. Service Ceiling: 35000 ft.

US government swooped in and pick these things up and started a secret manta UFO program. I tell you you're right! MIB will be around soon to scoop you up. Don't resist and have all your electronics laid out. Ready for them to put in the boxes. Your new name will be anonymity and your new language, silence.

There's a video of the original poster claiming 6k altitude. That's 20.000 feet. The speed according from a pilot checking on the instruments at the end of the video is around 100 mph. You didn't know anything of this and even so you can make all this claims? That's a lot of red, orange and purple flags.

I see the the disinformation group gave you a nice stand out award. Glad the downvotes show otherwise.

Blah blah 20,000 feet blah blah balloon anyway enjoy this picture of a real UFO sighting folks!😃

Seeing as this has the most downvotes, I take it this is the right answer. Too much cognitive bias in this sub.

Isn't 16 close to 20?

[removed]

GA pilot here. Balloon. Seen a few of these over the years.

Of course they have an online shop, it's a commercial company. They sell a lot of products. You can register and tell us how much it costs. Right? Did you find it on the online shop? >Because it seems to be available for purchase. Do you have a source on that? Because a company page having an online shop doesn't mean you can purchase this balloon. You can check this link also: https://www.theceomagazine.com/executive-interviews/it-electronics/festo/ Quote: But if you’re thinking of gifting your child with a bionic kangaroo instead of a puppy, or trading in your drone for a BionicOpter, **you might be disappointed to learn that none of these robots are for sale.** “We get a lot of requests from the toy industry, **the drone industry, the military, but we’re not interested in selling them** because they are so closely connected to us and we’d rather show them around in conferences, fairs and museums,” Elias Knubben, Festo Head of Corporate Research and Innovation, said in an interview with CNN. Given that these complex robots don’t generate any revenue, why is Festo so passionate about creating them? A global player in the pneumatic and electrical automation industry, Festo supplies its technology to 300,000 customers across more than 35 industries. The independent family-owned company’s products and services are available in 176 countries. **While Festo makes its money from pneumatics and industrial automation, robo-animals provide the R&D team with an interesting way to test out innovative designs, which may be later applied to industrial automation.** EDIT: the guy talking about how some other guy who couldn't stand it blocked him... JUST BLOCKED ME!! ROFL, I love Reddit. Go goose go! go check his comments

Quite a long time to develop a *balloon*. This things are tricky. 😬🤦👎

Chill man, I'm on midjourney sub and I'm aware what can be done today. For your peace of mind, apparently the furious debunker Mick West says "the object is there". Sure, he will claim it's a balloon, but definitely not cgi. Bye, zoomers.

Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

Ah dude, I’m convinced. It’s aliens.

It ain't that manta whatever balloon. But it's still a balloon. . . I wish it was an alien craft, though. And if it was, I wish we'd shoot it down. . .

Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

Pilot: *it was swamp gas*

Of course he won’t

Probably not allowed to say anything if he wanted to

What does this mean?

Hot air balloon pilot here, this is not a hot air balloon.

I've been to Mars, this is one of their orbital sanders.

Also am pilot. Looks like a 170 kt closure rate on a stationary target. It just so happens this stationary target is definitely a Mylar balloon thats lost helium and can’t support its original shape.

That was my first thought … the back end is curled slightly in the way a mailable balloon would as opposed to hardened metal alloy… (why would it not be symmetrical?). The pilot was flying directly at it so how do we know the speed at which it “flew” by was not actually the speed in which the plane flew by it. To me this looks like a plane flying past a balloon at high speed. The fact we have zero source for this material other than “pulled from Twitter” is extremely suspect to say the least. …. Fake as fuck

Or are they actually balloons when you fly by?

Agreed. It's a balloon.

Can I ask, not necessarily this example as I have not seen the video yet, but why doesn't the Jetstream from the planes mess with the movement of the balloons? when I walk past a balloon floating the air movement from me passing makes the balloon move. I would think a Jet would send it scattering.

Alien here. Can confirm it's not one of our own.

This is interesting. Thanks for the post 👍

Do you have a specific video you say to watch about him talking or just any in general?

In this age of photorealistic AI image generation, incredibly convincing fakes is going to flood the internet. We're probably a year away from that reality

I don't think it's fake, nothing anywhere suggests it is. It does however look exactly like flying by a stationary/floating object at 200 knots. I look at it like this: Pros: * its an odd shape for a balloon Cons * It looks exactly like flying by something floating in the wind would look like * It's made out of a material I would expect a balloon to be made out of * It's not very big. Probably the size of a smart car at most and a couch cushion at the smaller end. * Parallax is really hard to explain to someone without them seeing it. * Balloons come in all shapes and sizes. * This is something I could probably replicate, and there are much better people out there at making shit than me which means the chances this is a science project or something not terribly unlikely. I'm not saying it's a balloon, but it seems like it's got a whole lot of balloonish qualities. If you fly by a bird in the air, it looks EXACTLY like this in terms of perspective and speed. I flew by a grocery bag once. That also looked like this. I don't see anything really weird about this other than the shape, and even that isn't THAT weird. I think the fact they seem to be looking for it or know it's coming means maybe they already saw it and circled back to get video.

That's kinda the problem isn't it. He's looking for it in advance and catches it perfectly and super close

[deleted]

AI/fake still has tail signs and this is def incredible if its real.

If you watch the original the masking distortion is really obvious against the clouds— you can see square patches where the background was sampled and keyed in.

as a professional vfx person myself. I could make that in about an hour or two, a simple shape plus some motion blur. pretty easy that being said - not everything that can be faked is fake

Really? Because it looks very fake.

Occam's razor. It's just a balloon, bro.

**Unreal engine 5 has entered the chat**

Claiming you have seen an extraterrestrial ufo is a claim which requires tremendous evidence. And one video of one incident, clear or blurry does not meet the expected amount of evidence to satisfy the claim we are being visited by ETs. If as many of these videos people claim are real, were in fact real, then why has there never been any clear video from multiple angles from multiple independent people. Surely a ufo would have flown over a city by now, where dozens of people could record it at the same time. These things are in the sky, not hiding out in the woods like bigfoot. Also, why are these ufo videos often of pretty different vehicle designs. We have vehicles that fly in vacuums and/or atmosphere, and they look nothing like most of these videos. The same physics that dictates our designs would also apply to any other alien civilization. Also, why do many of these videos show objects flying in seemingly impossible ways. Doing maneuvers that imply tremendous performance, or have no visible means of propulsion. The answer is either we are wrong about some basic stuff, or the videos are fake/not fully understanding what is going on, e.g. forced perspective or other similar such optical effects/illusions. I'm leaning on fake/misunderstanding, myself, given that my first contention has not been satisfied. I think it would be great if UFOs were real, by just knowing such a thing exists and what it approximately looks like could greatly accelerate our technological advancement. Just knowing something is possible is often enough to get started working on it. We could ignore some fields and focus more on ones that could explain a hypothetical ufo encounter.

The real problem isn’t the video itself. The problem is that there’s nothing to go with it. No description from the pilot of what he saw with his eyes, or the context, or the background of the pilot to assesses his credibility. He’s not here answering questions, and no one has posted an account of the event from him. Without any of that, it’s just a video. An interesting one for sure, of an object that matched many UFO descriptions of a “manta ray shaped craft”. It’s a high quality video that doesn’t look to be faked. But we can’t be sure, because fakes have gotten incredibly good. So, it would be irresponsible to jump to any conclusions just based on what we have here. There is just not enough to go off of.

Someone threw the green shell a bit too far.

If the footage was over Galapagos I’d have to agree

Gamera! Gamera!! Gamera is really neat! Gamera is full of meat. We are eating Gamera!! [He’s real!](https://youtu.be/YDGsW5CmuFw)

It doesn't look that large. I could believe it's sea turtle sized.

Finally someone says what we are all thinking!

I feel like this is pretty obvious as well. Like yes it’s a weird shape but so what

This is the interesting part of the discussion, although would t helium expand its volume at higher altitudes?

If you watch the video, right at the start you can see black dot that’s he’s filming in the distance. He definitely pulled out a phone to record after having originally spotted it.

The plane was also banking left like it was circling back to pass the object again.

"Why do we never see any decent UFO footage!?" "Why would you even bother filming that, lol."

Fake or not this is pretty fascinating. I would like to hear from people who have seen it close up to see if this fits what they saw. Would validate sightings.

I think this is a joke? But people don’t get the reference

I don’t think “clearly”. But why do you say so

Ok, why you think so?

Ok. PowerLifterDiarrhea. Why do you spend time in this sub, if all you do is trying to be condescending to people who honestly want to solve what it is? Even if it is a balloon, the video is still interesting when sped down and ff/rewind.

https://youtu.be/QKHg-vnTFsM

With color and not infrared

Wow, didn’t even take that in to consideration. Good call there buddy.

https://youtu.be/FGHeu5GeR-0

That’s good stuff. I haven’t seen that one yet.

Is that the same journalist that wrote the Bob Lazar book?

I concur Absolutely my first thought when I saw it.

The white pill shaped crafts have also been showing up since around that time, now we say tiktac but they were previously describe as lozenges and butane canisters and other objects that were the most popular item of that shape and color at the time Since before Roswell There’s accounts of “flying Roman shields” (circular flying craft) from biblical times Nothing we’re seeing is new, we’ve been under observation as a species for as long as we’ve been writing down history, and probably well before that.

exactly what I thought too

I don't see it

Yes because the trained pilots who exclaimed “it’s rotating!” are so dumb as to not know what their own equipment is showing them. Sounds like something one of the “professional debunkers” would’ve come up with

This is a theory of Mick West and others but it hasn't been proven. Debate about this continues. Professionals who work on these specific targeting pods and systems have stated on record that the theory though, doesn't make sense. Check out Chris Lehto's videos (former fighter pilot) on the subject for detailed analysis skeptical of the theory: https://youtu.be/Tyw4JA00AMc

Weird world

I remember watching that movie and thinking that shiny craft was 100% real and waiting for it at my bedroom window to come pick me up. Big disappointment when it never came.

I'm here for this

Neither. The (not balloon) was just floating and the plane flew by. It's incredibly difficult to tell altitude differences until you are really close. Essentially it's likely stationary, and the plane flew by (level) but slightly below. It's an optical illusion that it's moving fast or that either of them are changing altitude more than a couple feet.

I should have been more specific. What I meant was debunk it from the belief it is a Mylar balloon (meaning prove it is something other than a balloon).

3 seconds into the video if you go frame by frame you can see a black dot or what looks to be 2 blacks dots possibly going in and out of cloud. It looks like they’re going around in a circle. It’s just to the left of where the thing emerges from on the top of the cloud bank. Makes me wonder if they noticed that first and that’s what prompted them to pull out their phone and record

Gets better each viewing. Very sumblime movie

I watched it again the next day just to help me process it. The Wikipedia article has some good interpretations and quotes from the creators that really helped too.

The 👽, for the gram

I, too, am here from r/all. Hi! Man UFOs are fun but the banter feels like we’re standing over an engine we can’t see, chatting about it over beers we can’t taste in a garage we imagine to exist.

You are on a ufo sub. The only place you might find less skepticism is a religious sub. The people here want to believe that their beliefs arent complete bullshit so badly they will grab anything that looks like supporting evidence and run with it. You will never get an honest take from people that believe aliens are flying ufos around earth.

Isn't TCAS transponder based? Don't think it's going to pick up an object that doesn't have a transponder. And it's a twin prop plane, probably like 10 seats max. It doesn't have a ton of electronics. It also looks like the plane is maneuvering specifically to fly by the object. They probably saw it and circled back.

I watched the regular speed original video, and got the impression that what we’re seeing on the window is a reflection from inside the plane.

There is probably a very balloon-like creature somewhere in the universe

When the report came out and the wording was that a certain percentage of sightings could be attributed to "balloons or balloon-like entities" my conspiracy mind kicked in. What's a balloon-like entity! Why does that phrase even need to be in the report?

That would make the NOPE movie a documentary.

Agreed. What it is CANNOT be proven either way. You can't prove it's a balloon. You can't prove it's aliens. It's a neat looking shiny thing in the sky. That's all it proves.

Well, UFO only means unidentified flying object. What people make out of it, like thinking of aliens or some other stuff, has nothing to do with the name. While it is a possibility, I will certainly not come up with aliens or other, even stupid, shit just because I have no answer.

[deleted]

But consider the “tiktac” white pod shaped craft. They are able to perform maneuvers no man made craft can perform, especially at that size, especially with no apparent means of propulsion or control surfaces. Dropping from 80,000 ft to 50 ft in approximately a second. Traveling 60 miles in 5 seconds with instantaneous (or seemingly instantaneous) acceleration (confirmed as the same object by two recording systems, flew out of range of one headed towards the other, and then showed up on the other) literally impossible to be a man made craft nowadays, AND THE SAME TYPE HAVE ALSO BEEN APPEARING FOR AT LEAST 100 YEARS Definitely impossible then, even if we’ve developed something capable of that recently that just isn’t public knowledge. The gimbal craft were rotating without adjusting pitch, impossible in all modern aircraft.

I'm in the same boat, of all the things humanity regularly sees in the sky, the advent of new drone tech, even consumer toys, balloons or diy weather trackers, all we are seeing here is a potentially soccer ball sized object floating in the air. No evidence that this particular object did anything more extravagant than float in the air. It would be nice to jump to conclusions but there's nothing here thats really that out of the ordinary from what's possible in normal day to day things

And the shadows are not very dark. It would have a dark side.

Ever heard of a co-pilot?

By reddit teens, you mean the FAA? Cuz it’s illegal to fly any small unmanned aircraft above 400 feet in uncontrolled airspace

Like another thing about the video is how the bottom of the craft is blurry almost like when they describe antigravity being focused gives it a camouflage effect. Idk if it’s a fake it’s a damn good one.

Still more likely than aliens. I'm not saying it's not, but no one can say it is either.

No it's moving, much like the McDonald's on my commute that always passes me going the other way at 70mph

Hi I'm Alex from Astrum, that's exactly what I did. I made a UAP video a couple of weeks ago but was never happy with my original thumbnail. I saw this image and, I mean, this is one of the best UAP photos I've seen to date, whether it's really a balloon or not! It gets across what I was trying to have in a thumbnail

Good point. It could be but if I'm not mistaken it hasn't changed. I have watched his video about 5 times since released, lol!

Sorry, 8 ball?

Looks at post history… yup, you’ve spent the last 24 hours fighting with everyone on this sub. Just like every subreddit you visited. New account too.

Alot on this subreddit are braindead that's why

Right. If someone’s only seeing this image without the vid, its easier to say this or that. Just want to add some context to avoid more balloon grasping.

Having flown a few things like this, I didn't even realize this was on the UFO sub until I looked at the comments. I thought this was an aviation sub and was expecting everyone to be calling the balloon launcher an idiot (which they are). It's tricky if you haven't flown past something slow moving before without frame of reference, but I would be shocked if this was anything other than a balloon/bag/emergency blanket.

Ok, look…I’m a known skeptic on here but have zero interest in debunking stuff because that’s almost become like a beast feeding in itself at this point. You have *ZERO* information to back up anything you just said. You don’t have the flight path of the plane, nor the speed, altitude…nothing. What you said could easily be turned right back on you. Its *your* brain playing tricks in you and I would also be fullof shit because J don’t have that information either. If you’re gonna debunk something, can people at least have data to back up what you’re saying? Just saying shit doesn’t debunk anything.

Ahhhhh don't be intelligent on this subreddit it's odd. You need to have 2 brain cells and think everything is a UFO

I completely agree. I think lazar is a fraud, but I find it interesting that part of his lie may have been taken from real stories. I believe the mcminnville ufo did the same thing right? Turned to the side and zoomed off? https://images.app.goo.gl/ExEe2jg2J2msyT42A

[deleted]

I don't, I just remember it as something he said, and at the time I was like that sounds dumb. I don't give a shit about Bob, just stating his claim of how they fly might be right.

I think it only looks that way to your eye because that's exactly what happened.

If you can find a photo of a small balloon that looks like this, I’ll believe you.

got some videos of other pilots flying by balloons? If it's exactly the same I'm assuming there's plenty of other videos that look very similar.

[removed]

You can tell from the pixels

It sure looks like a balloon in the video.

Just because you cannot be sure what it is does not mean you cannot be sure what it isn’t. I know it’s not an elephant as it is doesn’t look anything like an elephant. This is the same reason that I know it’s not a balloon. I will happily stand corrected if you can show me a balloon that looks and moves like that (bonus points if you show me an elephant that looks and moves like that as well).

did you even watch it?

1. Those didn’t made into commercial production 2. Even if was a ballon, it would have to abide by FAA regulations and it wouldn’t be just floating around

That's a little high for a toy balloon I think, way to high.

[deleted]

And what about the first one that can be seen at the start of the video?

you've given no good reason why it isn't a balloon.

Fair, but I’m saying there are many cases like this where something seems really clear and legit only for it to be CGI. First example that comes to mind is the Rio De Janeiro event where the fake UAP shot into the sky above the redeemer statue. Obviously this isn’t the same kind of capture, and I’m not ruling out that it is legitimate, but I find it odd that the bulk of the debate here is on what the actual object is, but not if there is a “real” object there in the first place

I love all the different "definitive" and "factual" descriptions of what this object is doing that are all inconsistent with each other.

Gravity is caused by a distortion in time/spacetime. If this is alien tech they’re likely countering the effects of gravity by distorting spacetime which would effect how light is reflected. That shape could be due to the precise counter to gravity

It’s just how I feel, man. I’m a believer already. Stuff like this isn’t as “incredible” in the sense it happens all the time. Imagine all the footage the US military already has. Staggering.

Every time this sub pops up on my feed its a bunch of cringy, credulous morons pointing at something and saying, This is it! Finally! And then it dies down when normal people point out that it's a balloon, or a fucking island and its reflection. Only to pop back up again when something else catches their attention.

Shhhhhh wind doesn't exist on this subreddit :)

I guess there's no video of the first pass, then.

That explains it. Thanks.

Hmmm so the object would be very slow in this case if the plane was in fact coming back around for a pass.

Wow. That’s awesome. Hope it’s not a balloon.

That ain’t from like motion blur or anything cause of how fast the planes going and wind etc tho?

Lots of people believe lots of things. Hell, some people believe in an invisible sky daddy that will reward their sacrifice one day. I think it's pretty obvious at this point that humans are wired for worship. Aliens are just one of the more recent incarnations of our willingness to participate in shared fiction.

There IS a camera zoom in and out. As it comes into frame it zooms in for a couple of frame, then the camera zooms out. Watch in slomo if you have to.

Just making up scenarios now? Nice.

Looks pretty fast in the video this image originates from

[removed]

A genius move if someone had the forethought, but more likely a panicked response with loose ends to discover. Given we've seen the chaotic flailing that happened with the recent 3 object debacle, I doubt anyone involved is that smart or that in control.

Dude holyshit 🤣

As opposed to a figurative manta? Did you mean an *actual* manta ray was flying through the air?

Vaguely similar shape, perhaps, but the orientation is all wrong, as is the rounded, almost bulbous shape on the back. Definitely not that kind of drone.

And how can you tell that?

😂 cmon now desperation stinks

Back to school boy

I don't think this is necessarily the case here, because like.. it would be wild speculation based on nothing.. but I had this thought recently and this is a good comment to attach it to. &#x200B; We always assume that intelligent alien life would be on the same size scale as us for some reason. Do we ever consider that alien life might be closer to the size of insects on Earth? Can you imagine how many crafts could by flying around in our skies right now if the crafts themselves were the size of a fly? We know that brain size is not necessarily tied to intelligence by observing animals like corvids (we also know that something like a hive mind can create intelligence as a community rather than an individual). We also know that in the case of extreme global catastrophe, the most likely survivors would be something like tardigrades or small insects, which means they are the most likely to win the evolution race in the long, long run. Would be interesting if we found out that these "small" craft that appear to be around the size of a beach ball actually contain entire populations of teeny tiny beings. &#x200B; anyway. Just a thought. Most likely not the case.

The object might be actually stationary or going with the wind and we're seeing a strong parallaxing effect because the plane passes pretty close to it at a significant speed.

Having flown by many stationary objects, everything about this screams stationary or floating object. This is just what moving past something at 200 knots looks like without a frame of reference.

This is actually a really good question that any astrophysicist or astronomer would agree with.

And maybe what we consider terrestrial is a ripoff of advanced non human technology to begin with... Roswell 1947- what did planes look like before this? After? Point in case . let's not forget advanced being may (do) share a planet with us... Not to say this wasn't dropped by Oumuamua either.... Good devils advocate^ thank youRefreshing to see someone with a good outside the box thinking mind... Or not a gov commissioned de-escalation agent... Haha not sure what all the ninkempoops are...

Skeptical is good. Hold on to that.

It *floats*. It's the plane that's moving fast. Like in all other 'UFO' videos with 'fast moving objects' people are confused by filming slow objects from a fast moving plane while rotating the camera to keep it into view.

Big brain time

Elaborate pls

Festo was great back in the day when they were producing mantis-shaped balloons, flying saucers, and other anomolous vehicles. But then they started making metric push-to-connect pneumatic fittings and it all went downhill. Damned British Standard Parallel Pipe… it’s ruined so many good companies.

I used to work with Festo a fair bit as the requirements from our company drove some of their valve development. It always annoyed me that their cool models were all designed by a German RC model company who were also employed to fly them at exhibitions... yet the promotinal videos always said "Festo have designed....." It's just clever marketing, but Festo only deserve the credit as far as they supplied the budget.

Yeah or something with a body design like the MQ-25 but a shorter wing base or something

If that was the case would they fly near civil/commercial aviation routes? I’m not a commercial pilot but I did take some lessons back in the day and they have designated military training areas where you can’t fly into. If this was some sort of human made aircraft wouldn’t it be easier to just test/fly this thing in a designated military zone? It would easy for the government to control what if any trainings will take place while secret aircraft are being tested as wel reducing the likelihood of being spotted.

You goofy. Just because you don’t see what the applications could be, just means you lack the vision to do so. It’s ok, 99% of the worlds population doesn’t. That’s why people don’t call on them to think. Read what they say about on Festo’s sight. The air version, moves in the exact way the sea version does. Maybe the trans medium crafts are ours, and a team at Fresto led the research in creating the tech to do so. Put your big brain on for second… mathematics, and all areas of science and philosophy, were born through the studying, and observation, various aspects nature. You tried to be snarky, but it back fired, bone up on history, and you learn that none of what you see would be here with being able to observe and interact with things found in nature.

Even A.I. requires the input of human nature. It’s needs that to learn, and build it’s foundation to make decisions upon.

Can you share the full video please

I have an airframe and power plant license issued by the FAA, I build aircraft from blueprints and raw material and have for the past 20 years so I’d think I’d have some sort of insight. 100 mph for a twin prop… it’s at stalling speed. So no, I believe you were reading the pressure gauge and not the pitot/static systems. ALSO: How is 6K 20,000 feet above sea level when 1K equals 1000 feet. Do the math, I’ll wait for your retort.

[removed]

Disinformation group? Lmfao what drugs you smoking.

You having a stroke?

Not at all it’s about 4000 off haha

Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

Nice new profile Mr pilot

Mylar at its best during the great “nope” frenzy.

Don’t get me wrong, i love this sub, and am not trying to start any drama. And yes, I’m a 99% lurker and 1% comment kind of guy. But, yeah, that’s just a Mylar balloon. You do see them every once in a while up there. That and a surprising number of bald eagles at certain times of the year. Both scare the crap out of you, as they/ you whiz by.

Did they fly by and almost hit your plane? Not a balloon you have ever seen or anyone else

>Do you have a source on that? Because a company page having an online shop doesn’t mean you can purchase this balloon. I work in pub sec procurement and this is how every single gov-facing vendor site looks like. You cannot buy things like this without a gov contract like SEWP/GWAC. If it weren’t for sale, they wouldn’t link you to the online store. You’re so deadset on believing otherwise though so you’re linking an old interview that says what you like. When you read the interview, you can see they’re talking about robot spiders and other products. Like, wow - did you really think people wouldn’t open the link to see that the article is about a completely different product? And regardless, it could also be a picoballoon. EDIT lmao, another comment and block now from /u/toxictoy I love how you think the government is only “the Air Force”. Balloons and other instruments like these are purchased by NASA and NOAA. Not everything is military. It’s been fun but I’m done replying to lazy QAnon word salad. EDIT Oh, no, no /u/toxictoy - you can gaslight yourself all day but not everyone else. You commented and immediately blocked ME because you’re too cowardly to back up your claims. Give it up, man. It’s balloon. 🤦‍♂️

No… it was *A* *wild* *magikarp*

it means you're on a conspiracy subreddit

He's a hoaxer.

Source checks out. I believe you’re correct on that one.

It’s clearly a wacky wavy inflatable arm tube man. From a used car lot on Mars.

I concur. CFII here, looks just like a balloon floating. See these all the time after Coachella.

Question on this, although not answerable from you but to think about. This guy who took this is also a pilot. If hes used to flying by stationary floating objects why did he feel compelled to video it? If its ordinary. Again not a criticism. I have no experience in this but just a thought.

100% plausible explanation. Sadly you’ll probably get downvoted into oblivion.

No, it's compelling footage of alien space craft. Be gone with your logic.

Interestingly, I have you at a positive score, but most of your comments are collapsed anyway.

You say definitely, what makes you so certain?

Not a pilot but laughing my ass off this is considered a "clear" image of whatever it us. My first though was blurry ass still from "Flight of the Navigator"

I didn't realize they had weather balloons in flight simulator.

[deleted]

We have videos of UFOs, they arnt symmetrical. Search for "gimbal footage"

Even if it's 100% real, it's a balloon. That plane was a twin probably going ~120kts. That's exactly what it looks like going past a balloon at that speed.

Nothing is impossible but of all the ones I’ve seen the only way I could describe them are as balloons.

They are not as close as you think. Generally when you fly past a balloon they are 50-100 feet away and normally above the flight path of the AC so nothing to really disturb them. If it was below the wing or behind the jet blast it would be disturbed.

Okay hear me out…… Joe Rogan That’s the best interview he gives about it. He goes into detail. There’s also a Times article about it

In this age of deep fakes, photo shop, and ai art, I can't trust anything I haven't seen with my own eyes. And even then, I might not even be able to trust my own eyes

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WfZuNceFDM Are you saying this is fake?! (posted 2 years ago, we're fucked lol)

The good ones won’t come out until election season ramps up in the US.

We live in that reality. People have been going buck wild with GPT-4 for the last few weeks.

The things being built in unreal engine 5 today are nearly indistinguishable from real life. It's very easy to make a near realistic video look incredibly real if you downgrade the video quality. That said, there's no indication I've seen to indicate this is fake, but it's also not doing anything weird so, who knows?

Yeah, you think it's bad now. Wait a year or so. We will be entering into a further information dark age. Scary.

That’s why they say the best evidence is the stuff from the 60s/70s

Additionally, balloons that may have an expected shape near the ground may not fully inflate at altitude once they reach equilibrium.

This deserves more attention. There’s nothing exotic about the sighting. I’m not saying it’s not unusual or UAP related but it doesn’t have any exotic flight characteristics or signatures of being UAP besides it’s unusual shape and it’s similarity to the gimbal video. If its most likely just a balloon of unknown design or origins despite what we all want it to be. However, If we knew the winds direction and speed and / or it’s altitude we might be able to discern some more interesting characteristics about it but as it stands it’s not to stand up as evidence that helps disclosure. Sadly.

We have a winner folks.

Thank you for having critical thinking skills. The number of people screaming aliens is a little disconcerting

The UFO won't show that effect.

My favorite is the Miami Beach air show video. physics says an object going super fast will make a sound of some kind and it’s clearly reflective. Yet no one in the video changes where they look. They don’t follow a super fast object flying from in front to behind them. I can’t explain the object but I can’t explain why no reacts to it. The latter makes less sense than a UFO. There’s no sounds from people around them reacting to it. Start with human nature, and human nature says when there’s hundreds of people on the beach you’ll see a reaction of some kind.

Possible blue shell heading towards the leader.

Yeah until it starts loosing helium which will happen and it loses shape. This is about as mundane as a UFO/UAP can be...

Yeah well, I watched it and see shit until 30% into the video but he's got better eyes than the video camera I guess. Also, why recording a dot in the distance?

I've heard of pilots encountering unknown objects, they bitch about it every time it happens - a drone almost killed me, some kid's balloon almost killed me, a bird almost killed me, etc. I have never heard of them wanting to circle back and check out the thing that almost killed them. If there's an unknown object floating about that's not talking to traffic, you wanna stay the hell away from it.

Absolutely not what I said

Not a joke. Just an observation of the short gif as someone with experience in aircraft. I'm not saying it is or isn't a water droplet, but that particular gif makes it appear to be one.

Came here from front page, I don't spend time here.

Nothing to see here, bug on the camera.

I'd like to see a side-by-side comparison

Fyi the word is spelled "concur." "Conquer" means something completely different.

I get so self conscious when I think about this. Imagine the theory that mentions another dimension where we are, they can see us but we can’t see them. It’s creepy. I try not to think about that during bodily functions and such.

I think they time travel which helps explain being seen over the years by every major civ, their ability to move outside of traditional physics/speed, and how they seemingly disappear with a flash during reported sightings.

Ryan Graves, who was involved in the gimbal incident, said the object was not rotating—but it was changing directions. It had just appeared to be rotating, because of the perspective. Doesn't make it any less extraordinary.

I mean, there's telemetry right there on the footage to explain what happened, you don't need to take a pilots word just because he seems like some infallible professional military man.

To my knowledge, they didn't see it with their eyes. They were looking on the gimbal video feed. So that doesn't really change much.

I will check it when I'm on the pc. Thanks!

\*Hasn't came yet. We may not be kids anymore, but we'll still see them one day.

Yes, the thought of being >!eaten alive with my entire family and dozens of other random people while enduring massive G forces as the Alien flies around through the sky!< Is definitely something I want to relive more than once.

Totally underrated. I think it's every bit as good as his other two.

Very eloquent. Absolutely spot on.

[deleted]

If life is common on water planets, and there are many millions of water planets that have existed for billions of years across the vastness of the cosmos, that such an organism could be produced by natural evolution? Why did the government name the largest nuclear test in space "Starfish Prime?" Wahahaha

One of those things exists in large numbers on earth, and the other would require the alignment of billions of years of time and billions of light years of places.

> We have nothing that comes close to doing that. This is why I come to Reddit. Where else are you gonna find someone who literally knows everything about propulsion humans have created? Truly an amazing place.

But most personal drones have no visible means of propulsion either. There could easily be a propeller/s.What kind of personal drones do millionaires and billionaires have?

That we know of. Plenty of stuff kept hidden from the public.

I feel like you just ignored my entire point. Like, if the US has drone tech that can rotate without adjusting pitch, they’re not gonna just be, “Hey! Look what we did!”

I remember reading about that. Do you have any good source for that info?

And pilots aren’t even that busy when cruising. Once you’re flying straight and level it’s easier than driving a car.

Yeah I was being facetious.. Just poking fun at the comment above because this seems like a ridiculous video. How perfect it is to catch a glimpse so close and be so ready for it in advance. If it's not that big he's like 20 feet away!

Can see subtle reflection in side of aircraft too.

I was thinking the same thing. The underside has a strange and diffuse appearance. And then we see the flashing clarity of the reflective topside… Total wtf fuel.

[deleted]

Love your work, Alex! Was thrilled when I spottwd your video on UAPs and I wasn't disappointed. So glad this topic is getting more attention without the stigma within the scientific community.

Thank you for all your hard work! Love your videos

Seems weird, I didn’t even clipped the image, i borrowed from some other Redditor

ahh sorry it's a euphemism. basically i was saying perhaps reddit is a bit slow in regards to being up to date on this topic.

Lazar is a fraud though even without the mountain if evidence suggesting he is one everytime I watch an interview if his he just screams fraud

None of what you said changes the fact that Bob Lazar is a fraud. Can't attack the argument, (attempt to) attack the person making it, right?

I’ve seen the balloon comments on the videos too it’s kinda crazy. At least say a drone inside of a balloon or something😂😂😂.

No, that user is correct. I've almost hit birds, drones, and even a kite - all while flying GA machines similar to this. The "movement" of the UAP is exactly what my experience would expect.

The first 10 seconds he is banking left and pitching up. You can literally see it on both the ground and the orientation of the plane clear as day. I mean, you'd actually have to be watching a different video to come to a different conclusion. Or maybe never sat in a plane before and understand what the ground looks like when you turn. This will affect the position of the object they are approaching which is clearly displayed in the video as apparent motion. The video is the information I need to back up everything I said. If you can't tell that plane is making some serious moves in the first 10 seconds to line itself up to pass this thing I don't know what else to tell you. Go rent a plane and fly around and make some turns maybe?

So you’re suggesting that the plane is stationary? What’s more likely?

There's pilots on here that have said it's a baloon. who do we believe? Actual pilots or people like you

Granted, I’m not disagreeing with you, but if you’re going to hand-wave this away as CGI wouldn’t you be able to do so with literally any photographic or video evidence? Our CGI capabilities have become wildly advanced and AI is propelling deep fakes at CGI even further. You might as well comment on literally every piece of media shared here “could be CGI”.

Semi-deflated balloons can be basically any and every shape possible.

Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

Fact of the matter is this comment did not violate any rules.

false, you can tell because of the way that it is.

What the hell balloon have you actually seen that looks like that? Share a link pls.

looks and moves like what? It's a floaty thing filmed from a moving and banking aircraft. Nothing about its shape or size or movement is un-balloon like.

I did. Downvote away. It's not going to prove anything one way or another.

The faa regulates party balloons??

I suggest that we reach out to festo to see what the likelihood of someone obtaining and flying a manta ray balloon is, if the things are unobtainium we can assume that it is likely not to be one, whereas if there are many test products that exist in the hands of say, employees or ex employees, it becomes more probable.

One day there will be some legit insane footage on here but this ain't it.

I haven’t said it’s impossible to be a ballon. I did said I remember the Festo ballon from many years ago, it’s not something you can fly up to 20,000 feet high, it was more of an art exhibit with a big ballon who had rotors and it delicately floated inside a warehouse, like a paper lantern

He never said it wasn't a balloon, he said it's not a "ballon" whatever the hell that is.

Yeah i get your point. I have come to the conclusion that people have their biases and will never be convinced. There's people that will always say "balloon" and just turn the page, without analyzing any other data. Just like people who believe every video and call it "UFO" without seeing the evidence against it. What will it take for people to believe? I don't know. It's just sounds so surreal for aliens to be real that i think our senses would deny everything except seeing a spaceship land and looking at a creature emerge from it with our own eyes.

No, because that's when they noticed it. Filmed on the second pass. It makes sense.

I don’t see anything imposible to do in the video, looks like something I’d do

That checks out. This might actually be legit.

They've kept this thing pretty much secret for the last 75 years. Yeah, stuff has leaked, but the average Joe and Sally Walmart don't think we have crashed saucers and bodies. So, they've got to be somewhat smart

The mantas have evolved. They are coming for us. Steve tried to warn us all, but they got rid of him, those slimey bastards. Now it is too late...

I was trying to find that post from a few weeks back. Do you know where it is?

I like this, thought provoking

Men in Black was onto something

You made me remember a post where some people were speculating that aliens could be the size of monoliths. And I was commenting how even though aliens could supposedly be of various sizes, the likelihood of them being absolutely massive is unlikely for many reasons. From the phenomenal energy they'd need to the reduction in population capacity for building things and having significant numbers for mass production. I'm of the mindset that maybe they aren't as small as insects, as that's pretty damn small especially for interstellar travel. But that they probably aren't all that big. As it would mean they'd use up resources incredibly quickly. Idk though.Just a thought sparked by your comment

What if we’re also just tiny aliens in a tiny ship?

While true brain size doesn't isn't necessarily tied to intelligence. That doesn't mean they're independent of one and another. Our minds our tied to the physical world and it's limitations. There is only so much that can fit in one space. Whether the human brain has some or is even reaching some physical limit in intelligence is actually a debated topic. Hives/swarms having intelligence, as far as I know, isn't really used to describe the whole hive having independent intelligence. They basically have a hyper form of democracy in their collective actions. Depending on how intelligence is defined hives/swarms absolutely display signs of intelligence. However, that's very much in the same way a group or community of people would too. Touching back to the limits of human intelligence. One of the points sometimes discussed is that even if humans had a physical limit. It's much more questionable whether there's a limit to our collective intelligence. Now, on top of the potential physical limits of a small brain. There's also physical limits for technology when sizing down that small. Just looking at today, things are already hard to make things small. That isn't because no multi-billion dollar company isn't trying either. Making tech tiny is just more and more difficult the smaller you go with diminishing returns. There will absolutely be size limits with how small we can make tech that'll come to the point of constantly coming up with basically totally new technology and even new material. Not to say tiny little aliens are impossible. Just that they have an even greater hurdle than humanoid sized aliens.

So in other words we look like a bunch of big dumb apes to them.

We also assume that extraterrestrial life would be on the same *time* scale as us, which would be completely unlikely. Out of the **15 billion years** the universe has existed, these aliens' existence and ability to travel through interstellar space *just so happens* to coincide with our species' microscopic blip of time of existing, *and* our ability to photograph it (only within the last 150 years)?? Ridiculous. People have no concept of the enormity of billions of years. It is far more likely that aliens species originated, flourished, and went extinct a billion years before we ever came into existence. Or will evolve a billion years after *we* go extinct. And that's even disregarding the ultimate reason why we will never meet an alien species: the Fermi paradox. Sorry Redditors, there are no outer space aliens we will ever, *ever* meet.

Cool theory! They are coming to spy on the giants!

Take it a step further. If you were really going to road trip around the cosmos it would be much easier as a digitized consciousness. Biological forms are squishy and age and get diseases. A digitized consciousness can be made way smaller, is immortal as long as it has a power source and way to repair wear and tear.

I've always thought this. Humans are very arrogant and don't know how to see things unless it's through the lens of our personal worlds (aliens must be semi humanoid looking and sized) and on the other end of the spectrum, what if we, and are planet are microscopic by universe standards (we are) and our solar system is the size of an atom in an even larger life form. It's crazy how our solar system even kinda looks like an atom from a distance.

It’s a good point, we tend to build things bigger and taller to show off technological prowess. In all honestly as you evolve and understanding of the universe increases, you’ll use more sub-atomic energy. It’s far more efficient and require less maintenance.

Get me the flame thrower private ! We got a world to save....

...or what if the size comparison was more like human to bacteria ...or if we were microscopic in comparison. Very thought-provoking comment :)

Orion's Belt. Men in Black.

Also the camera seems to anticipate its location - seems like the pilot was circling back around to get a video which to me would suggest it's stationary or not moving very fast.

If the initial seconds of the clip, you can see the object moving in the clouds off in the distance before a, and the plan passing it.

But in the video it looks like the object approaches from out of the clouds.

It could be hovering too. It looks positively bizarre though, to me if the footage is not fake (nothing so far suggests that) it has to be non-human made.

All the love but isn’t the idiom “case in point”

Can we go down this rabbit hole I just mentioned? When did Festo fall off? In 2013 Festo invested $60 million to place a distribution and manufacturing facility in Mason, Ohio. “Festo USA” https://redicincinnati.com/festo-usa-exemplifies-benefits-of-foreign-trade-zone-involvement-in-greater-cincinnati/

DoD Vendors with contracts over 25k, Festo made the list! ijs 🤷🏾‍♂️ lol https://dodsoco.ogc.osd.mil/Portals/102/Documents/Conflicts/2023%2025K%20covering%20FY2022.pdf

This is the way companies work. When Tesla presents something - Tesla gets the credit - but they obviously have just paid engineers who's names are unmentioned... It is indeed all about marketing.

https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/12ddzxs/another_clear_uap_caught_on_film_flying_by/

That's a lovely falacia ad verecundiam. With all that knowledge and you don't know about winds, velocity of air, relative velocity and so on? Let me explain for the folks not aware of this: the plane could be making 100 mph (I said "about 100 mph" right?) But one have to take in account the winds. If you have a 20 mph tail wind, what would be the speed? And how does that affect the stalling speed? Do the math, I’ll wait for your retort. And finally, let me keep this here: >How is 6K 20,000 feet above sea level when 1K equals 1000 feet. Do the math. Sure! Let me see, airframe and power plant licensee: 1 km = 3,280.8398950131 ft. (**NOT 1000 FEET**) 6 KM X 3,280.8398950131= 19,685.039370079. Is my math alright? Please, let me know. I'll wait for your retort.

I'm an aerospace engineer and the math isn't mathing for me either. Dude is below here somewhere claiming 6k = 6 kilometers? That's not how how anyone in aviation denotes altitude, not even in countries under EASA authority. Plus, it would have to be pressurized at FL200 and I'm not sure a small plane has that capability. Don't know about the stall speeds of rotary vs turbo prop though. That's a pilot question. I pretty sure a rotary piston engine would struggle pretty badly at that altitude (if even operable) though, assuming that's what it was. If it were a turboprop, sure, but not rotary. Again, not sure which it was.

>100 mph for a twin prop… it’s at stalling speed Btw, made a quick search. Most popular twin prop: Beechcraft King Air 350. Stall speed? 92 mph. So yeah... No. 100 mph is not stalling speed. And that's without taking in account what I said about the winds. Whit all this flags this starts to looks like r/vexillology

Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

[removed]

Real pilot here, I’m sorry that man is no pilot, it’s just my silly but kindhearted son

Never hit one, and been flying about 10 years. The posted picture is quite close. I’ve seen ‘em maybe 2-3x that distance. The plane pictured is a twin, so it’s a tad faster than my single engine Bonanza. You see them, get startled (because hitting things in the air is bad) and then have maybe a second or two to observe. 1st time I saw one, I was on flight following and notified the local approach (frequency) folks. We circled around to try and find it again, but couldn’t. On a separate note, altitude looks like 5-10,000 feet, fwiw.

Why would a government entity need a clearly commercial use balloon? A balloon by the way that is not built to be used in this fashion. I can see no context where the Air Force is saying “get me that thing now”. Just because this is how the government procurement process works doesn’t mean that any government is actually buying this thing. Also what does a pico balloon look like? Is it comparable? I want to point out that bias is a two way street. We see time after time that skeptics will throw out any answer - in fact look at all the people saying cgi, various balloons, space x junk - it can’t be all of it. We need reasonable explanations not just something designed to shut down all conversation.

I got blocked for literally asking for a reasonable answer. I do not think the government is “the Air Force” alone but it is unreasonable to think that the government is buying this exact type of balloon. If you are going to say “this is the answer” you need proof not goal post moving. The balloon being positioned as the debunk is a commercial balloon. At least stop being intellectually lazy and show is the manufacturer of a similar balloon that meets this characteristic that would be purchased by a government NOW not 15 years ago. Wow.

My THIRD answer to you - you said you blocked me! I have blocked a total of 2 people in my 12 years on Reddit and you are not one of them. Who is gaslighting who here? We have competing explanations going on right now and YOU could be equally as wrong if this is CGI. That’s what I was trying to get at. There is a post right now that someone provided some analysis and makes a case for that being the case. So which is it - a balloon or CGI? If it’s CGI are you going to go fight with that person as virulently as you have been here? I asked a question which is not unreasonable. It can’t be all of the competing explanations - a balloon, CGI or even a real UFO - it has to be one thing. Pointing out that your analysis has holes in it is how actual science works.

Mantine maybe

That’s actually terrifying to hear. What happens if like…one goes thru the engine?

I remember seeing Roger Waters there and they lost hold of his pig and it just floated away. Ended up in some lady's backyard the next day. They paid her $10k to get it back

What your dual instruction rate per hour in beers?

Also pilot. Sometimes we take pictures/video of things just because. I circled back once to get some air-to-air pictures of Bald Eagles I found at 3000 ft. It's probably not uncommon for them to fly that high but it was certainly unique for me.

flying is sort of boring, sometimes you just wanna explore what's around you

I’m at 2 upvotes so far. I don’t expect that to last long at all.

All my boys know that alien space craft fly at low altitude instead of in space

Ah damn my bad. Is it trying to communicate?

Probably falls under the controversial category. That’s what I see from most precollapsed comments.

Because I watched the video and saw the shape of the object change with the wind while forming creases but also have seen balloons in flight and I know what Mylar looks like.

I mean you can make out movement of the object as you watch the target transition across the windshield. That’s about it. That being said. It’s still clear as day this is one of those Mylar party balloons that’s deflated

They don’t. Ive encountered a few Mylar party balloons while time building. There’s not much to do so you’re always poking your head out.

The 'gimbal footage' is indeed similar. As that's also a slow moving object filmed from a fast moving plane with a rotating camera.

Okay. Hahaha I like the “hear me out” preface. I will definitely check that out cause first hand experience interviews are key to being able to see if someone is bullshitting or not IMO.

It looks too much like flight of the navigator ship. I feel like it's a fake because everybody's been trained to think that UFOs are all chrome. So that's exactly what a faker would make.

Wouldn't it be the other way around? Less atmospheric pressure as you go higher means the gases inside the balloon would expand?

Nah if they rise the gas will expand making them more inflated than at ground level.

>I’m not saying it’s not unusual or UAP related but it doesn’t have any exotic flight characteristics If it's stationary, and a solid object, that *IS* exotic. Why do people keep pretending exotic ONLY means hypersonic speeds and instantaneous acceleration??? 😒

"Here's a POSSIBLE prosaic explanation" Debunkers. "SoLvEd iT!" You lot really need to study up on what *POSSIBLE* means. 🙄

But I want it to be aliens

Someone is getting a wiimote thrown at their head for sure!

Idk about you but anytime I record something in the distance it always appears much smaller on my device than IRL. Also, I’ll try to get a screenshot and circle the object at the beginning of the video Edit: kept the time stamps in the screengrab, circled only in the first frame. object is moving closer to the play button in the two latter screenshots. https://imgur.com/a/oeSBBjZAfter this the camera cuts (I think it switched lenses mid video) and I lose sight until a few seconds later pre-approach.

Considering the the human eye's resolution is estimated to be 576 megapixels, yeah, the pilot's eyes were probably better than the camera.

Why WOULDN'T you record a flying dot in the distance is a better question...

Because you can't tell beforehand when the dot will become visible in the footage.

Looks like a small (so, probably private) prop plane, and the interest in widespread UAP spotting is brand new, especially among pilots fearing less that they'll be labeled as crazy. I don't know if previous anecdotal experiences hold as much weight anymore. Solo pilots also take stupid risks very often.. They just don't usually record it or tell anyone about it, and you only find out about a small portion of them when you read about their crash.

If you were flying a plane and saw a UFO you wouldn't circle back to see it? I'm not a pilot but i've flown a plane before and I definitely would go look at it.

Somebody just posted that on this sub a little while ago, I'll try to find it

https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/12e5dir/comparison_to_gimbal_uap/

Fantastic thank you

Lol … the good news is they have seen everyone then. Or the numbers are such that they could only see a tiny fraction. I mean how many cows have we seen of the world’s population? … we can’t get to them all! …right? :-)

this theory is true already to those who can see. Sometimes you can in your dreams state but some can see in their awaken state where they could see into the spiritual realm

Was graves the pilot for that incident ? I know he was involved with something I just forget which case.. I know it wasnt the tic tac it was either go fast or gimbal

The one I saw looked like it was tumbling from the sun reflecting. But it never changed course. My friend believes it’s cloaking type mechanism. Like you said. Still extraordinary

I agree. It's still interesting regardless of rotation. Found a good article that goes in depth on the gimbal https://www.skeptic.com/reading_room/gimbal-video-genuine-ufo-or-camera-artifact/ I guess I need to put some time aside for looking into this properly. Lots of opinions 👍

Nor does this comment.

You bet! Also I wonder what someone thought was so disagreeable about my reply that it was worth a downvote? lol

Chris Lehto (fighter pilot) is a fighter pilot and works WITH these systems, not ON them, he (Chris Lehto (fighter pilot)) is not an expert in optics. Check him out and make up your mind if you think he knows what he's talking about.

That was ine of the most claustrophobic and horrific scenes I've ever seen in a monster film. So well done. Like being eaten by linens. Shit man

You make me wonder if Jean jacket uses extreme g forces to help break down its food faster

It is better.

No, all planes do not have radar. Passenger jets have weather radar, but it's not used for traffic avoidance.

So the US has aircraft that break the laws of physics as humanity knows them? See that’s not reasonable to me. Also, these UAPs have been recorded as visiting us decades ago, up to a hundred years ago, with slightly different shaped UAPs having records going back thousands of years, hilarious to imply that the US existed had drones during the Roman Empire. You ignored MY point lol

https://youtu.be/4yX6ETCKyPo Louis Elizondo is about as qualified as you can get to be talking about UAPs

I once read that commercial pilots sleep most of the flight. They lift off and land but once they’re cruising, they’re cruising.

Being 'behind the 8 ball' is more like being in a bad spot. It limits your options for sinking other balls. Late to the party would be a better euphemism in this case imo but a bit on the nose.

[removed]

Expect for what?

Im not sure how I’m supposed to listen to people like you who completely lack reading comprehension. Im not saying this is *anything*, one way or the other than it’s some object. That’s it. That’s what can be actually deduced. Its many of you going out of your way to make claims beyond that *with zero evidence*. You *know* it’s a balloon? Really? No, you believe it to be. You *know* it’s trash? Really? No, you believe it to be. Same goes for saying it’s an alien or a ufo. There’s no proof of any of these things being said and a bunch of you think just saying “what it is” makes it so. The world doesn’t f-ing work like that. Investigation doesn’t f-ing work like that. *Science* doesn’t f-ing work like that. Its like many of you come to this sub just to stroke your own egos about what you know or don’t know. Sure, I get there’s some pilots on here (maybe, I have no way to confirm that) saying it looks like things they’ve seen. Well, I’ve seen other women look like my wife. Doesn’t make them her. The only pilot with any valid information was the one actually flying in the video. Get their take and I’ll listen. The rest of you are just spouting bullshit to make yourselves some authority.

In fact it did. Calling names is inherently uncivil.

That's pretty neat!

Unfortunately, the "clear" image you're seeing here was probably captured from a compressed 1080p video file, that was shot vertically, enlarged, and artificially sharpened. Whatever we are seeing in this frame grab is technically not as "clear" as advertised. The original video is a more accurate representation. In the video, the object is very small in relation to the entire frame, so there is not much detail in the image. It seems more likely that the pilot captured a smaller object that was stationary rather than a larger object further away based upon the focal length of the lens and how slowly the camera panned as they passed the floating object. To me, a small silver balloon makes sense. They come in different shapes and sizes at most party supply stores.

Sorry I don’t think I need to prove anything I am simply disagreeing with the comment it is a balloon. You are making an assertion as to what it is therefore burden of proof lies firmly with you. I may have been a little facetious in my comment but hitchens razor (that which can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence) seems applicable here. Please provide evidence it is a balloon 🎈rather than trying to shift the burden of proof.

What the hell balloon have you actually seen that looks like that?

have you seen an eye doctor recently? you should look at it in slow-mo too. it's pretty wild. this one is gonna be interesting to find out more about either way.

“No license is required to launch a balloon in the United States.” “In the United States, there are two sets of regulations governing launching and tracking high-altitude weather balloons. One is from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and the other is from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) ... Here’s a quick summary of each regulation that applies to our flights: 1.Cell Phones are not permitted to track high-altitude weather balloons in flight.2.Payloads cannot exceed a package weight/size ratio of three ounces per square inch. *3.No payload package can exceed 6 lb in weight.4.Entire weight of all payloads cannot exceed 12 lb in total weight (Excludes weight of balloon).5.No rope or cable should be used which requires more than 50lb of force to separate payload packages from balloon.6.No one may launch a high-altitude weather balloon which creates a hazard to other people and property. (i.e. Incorrect parachute, faulty rigging, inappropriate launch location)7.No one may use a high-altitude weather balloon to drop objects (i.e. gliders and projectiles).” Unmanned balloons have surprisingly few restrictions. Doesn’t seem you need lights or remote id or anything. Source: https://stratostar.com/faq/

Where do you get your party balloons? Must be great to have party balloons that accelerate

The manta ballon was a prototype that barely floated indoors, inside of a warehouse. This is not it.

Who cares about that specific balloon. There's shit tons of different balloons. What's nefarious about saying something that looks a lot like a balloon could be a balloon?

So know you agree there is a zoom? But it’s OK because you have awesome reflexes too? I spot fakes like this all the time. Many times the zooms in and out are added in post. A common effect to add realism. Normally you would not do this because you would risk losing focus, especially when framed in something like a window. This is very good CGI that has ONCE AGAIN fooled this sub because people will do anything to believe something has been caught. What is the source and where are the raw files?

It's not that much of a secret. Officially, yes.

Damn mantas playing coy acting like their wings were only meant for swimming.

Found it: https://old.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/1275zw1/tr3b/

Unfortunately, no. I'll post a link if I find it, though.

I read a science fiction story like this once, aliens traveled to Earth only to be snapped up and eaten by a dog who thought their ships were flies bothering it. Maybe someone can remember the name/author?

Pack it up everyone, THIS guy has \*the\* answer to the Fermi **Paradox**. We're all dumb for considering different theories besides the tiny materialist blip we've learned in our microscopic amount of time on earth, because that one Italian dude asked a hard question 70 years ago. But this guy's got it! Let's go home.

But there’s countless documents of encounters with alien species already. We’re just going to pass everyone of them all as a lie?

The Fermi Paradox also depends on there being no other ways to get from point A to point B outside of moving very fast. If, however, there was a way to bend space so that travelling across the universe requires one to simply take a step, then the Fermi Paradox becomes far less certain.

Right. The vast majority of ships/ufos never show themselves as containing 2 legged forms or whatever. And usually the scale is a bit off. Like 2 foot long or really short or tall even if they did land. If a being is kind of a level above or has mastered the physical the travel and form could just as well be considered thought form.

This is my take. Coming back around for another look.

No, the clouds are just further away, and it seems to move because of parallax. Like closer trees seem to move against a static background if you look at them from a moving car.

Where is the video y’all are referring to?

I agree nothing suggests this is non-human made.

I don't know. I'm not a pilot, but this thing looks to me like the closing speed is well in excess of the 200 kts that the KingAir might be flying at.

> to me if the footage is not fake (nothing so far suggests that) it has to be non-human made. well that is just an outlandish statement.

… everything about it screams “human made.” For one, it’s in close proximity to earth. Second, it pretty clearly didn’t grow out of the ground or hatch from an egg. Saying it “has” to be non-human made is frankly absurd. The chances are **overwhelming** that this is man-made. The chances it is not are slim to none.

Nothing suggests human-made either, but we should probably just forget about it.

Haha tomato otamot ... ykwim... in this situation I'd say the point can be found in the case... rather than vice versa

They make huge amounts of automation, pneumatic and sensor systems. Their products are really good. Festool - their branch of power tools - are particularly good. There's zero surprise on my behalf that they're involved in that environment or have such a contract.

Absolutly. And as an engineer who also happens to be an aero-modeler, it irks me. I know it's normal: But I don't like it!

That the first video I saw, and commented on.

Why would 6k = 6km when for aviation for almost the entire world uses feet for altitude?

We’re in America where standard rates are applied. So 1K = 1000 whereas in the EU 1KM = 1 kilometer. A +20 tail wind adds 20 to 100 but still leaves you at 100 due to the events of high and low pressure created by the airframe @ the magic arms sticking out the side making lift. Your really stretching for an answer here aren’t you …

That's not how anyone in aviation denotes altitude. Edit: I'd agree with OP but then we'd both be wrong.

This ain't a King Air. It's a piston twin, a Navajo or similar, and it's well outside the white arc. But this looks to me like a mylar balloon.

The reasoning behind 8mph…. It’s still stall speed.

No low effort posts or comments. Low Effort implies content which is low effort to consume, not low effort to produce. This generally includes: * Posts containing jokes, memes, and showerthoughts.* AI-generated content.* Posts of social media content without significant relevance.* Posts with incredible claims unsupported by evidence.* “Here’s my theory” posts without supporting evidence.* Short comments, and comments containing only emoji.* Summarily dismissive comments (e.g. “Swamp gas.”) without some contextual observations.

> What happens if like…one goes thru the engine? Not much

shredded balloon happens

Couldn't be worse than a bird.

I don’t drink, but I like strippers.

Also it’s Mylar he probably saw a reflection glimmer it he distance which is why he was filming that way.

[removed]

Nothing of what you say makes sense. People always claim that balloons are subject to no wind because they are at wind speed, and so that's why they can behave in really weird ways, holding attitudes that shouldnt be possible. And now when they move, so-called experts like you who "know what mylar looks like and have seen balloons" pop up and find the proper explanation for just about any sighting to make sense, completely contradicting what everyone said on every sighting before that. There will always be an easy explanation for what you want to believe, if you're not willing to put in the work and prove your hypothesis.

Yeah hearing it straight from the pilot is crazy. He’s not gonna say it’s aliens but you can tell he’s completely puzzled by what he saw. There’s absolutely some insane phenomena happening in the sky that science cannot explain because theese vehicles demonstrate capabilities literally centuries more advanced than our 6th gen fighter jets or any of our drones. I have a degree Aviation and Aerospace science, so I am not exactly a “ufo” guy with a foil hat. And usually I sit there an laugh at all the Joe Rogan “bro-science” But I’m telling you either there’s some secret group of humans on the planet that are more advanced than every single military and are able to somehow make these kinds of machines- or that these things were made by something way smarter than a human being….. And don’t confuse it with the UFOs that become weather balloons or what because we shoot them down with a jet, I’m talking about the ones that we could never in 1,000 years with 1,000 jest take down because they’re that far advanced. Sorry if that was long, I’m just a aviation nerd so I go down this rabbit hole pretty easily lol. If you have a couple hours- that interview is absolutely fascinating and will really make you think

It’s a viral marketing campaign for the upcoming reboot.

“at equilibrium” is the key. Once they lose most of the helium, they will just sit there at altitude. And they won’t have enough left to inflate.

You can’t discern that it’s stationary from the video though…. The pilot is flying past it at speed and therefor if the object was moving at a relatively low velocity with the wind it would appear stationary.

Your username is an oxymoron. Prosaic? There's your problem right there. Simple solutions are often the best. The fact that you're qualifying and criticizing a solution for being unromantic is telling of your bias.

I guess we'll wait for a proper analysis

How many megapixels if you have an astigmatism?

Here’s another thought. When cats and other animals clean up after pooping, we always see that as a positive and nature’s way. When animals have sex, yeah maybe sometimes we get amused but we don’t see them as disgusting petty low creatures. Hopefully that’s how “the others” think too. Like it’s just another regular Tuesday.

I can't remember exactly what his involvement was, he describes it in this video (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCT3HdHokaw)

This article is not a great source. A site called “Skeptic” is just as agenda oriented as one that is pro-UFO. He performs analysis he tries to describe but is all focused on supporting predetermined conclusions. It’s not convincing and not well done, and i’m going to trust the NYT and the DoD far more. The DoD would not have released this as UAP footage if they could explain it, and they’re the experts at these systems.

Instead of being upset you should read about it. https://www.skeptic.com/reading_room/gimbal-video-genuine-ufo-or-camera-artifact/ I don't have an emotional connection to this, so whatever the facts support is what I'll believe. If you have any good information I'd read it too. Edit: Ryan Graves also said it wasn't rotating? It's still interesting ofc. Rotation or not.

The subreddit has become very unfriendly to people trying to be objective. Either you believe blindly or you're the enemy. I've mostly stopped trying to have discussions on here because of it.

I know he's been wrong before when discussing something with Mick West, can't remember exactly what, but it was enough to make me not take his word as gospel

Absolutely terrifying. The use of overlayed screaming and sounds of sheets was so creepy.

What sort of plane is this one?

>So the US has aircraft that break the laws of physics as humanity knows them? Between that and aliens have been visiting Earth for centuries and observing/interacting with humans in total cover, but make an oopsie every now and then by flying their ships past airplanes in broad daylight, which one passes Occam's Razor for you? Because I think the former is much more likely than the latter, given the massive technological leaps the human race has made specifically in aerospace over the last 100 years. And then there's always the possibility that it's some kind of government psy-op or the Gimbal footage is a red herring for foreign governments, which given how our government has operated since Operation Paperclip, I'm not sure don't *also* pass Occam's Razor over aliens. Moreover, many of the historical phenomena you're describing could be attributed to anything from mass hysteria to hallucinations brought on by religious rites or mental illness. I think this is a must read for anyone who believes themselves to be seriously engaged in UFO speculation: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The\_Demon-Haunted\_World](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Demon-Haunted_World) Sagan here gives us a pretty ironclad blueprint for thinking critically about the UFO and alien abduction phenomena. When I follow his approach, I don't arrive at the idea that we have any definitive proof that human-alien contact has happened/is happening.

I wouldn’t say they sleep most of the flight. They have very strict procedures for “NASA naps” and they’re not permitted to be more than 40 minutes long. And despite being called NASA naps, they’re actually not allowed by the FAA in the United States.

Bit on the nose?

Just because you don’t want to hear what he has to say, doesn’t make him any less correct…. Lazar is a life long con artist and shitty opportunistic liar! Fuck that guy.

[removed]

Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

Another object flying at you. I have almost hit a lot of things flying, and you do get that kind of movement trying to dive away from the thing. I do think the video is fake though, the collision warning never activated and the pilots had very little reaction

You seem angry. No need for anger, particularly when I didn't even make any assumptions about what you think this is, only what is shown in the video. 1. The plane is banking left and slightly pitching up while the camera tries to stay fixed on the object for the first 10 seconds, and 2. The path of the object only straightened out when the plane did. Both of these are facts clearly shown in the video, and both scenarios will give the illusion the object is making moves on its own. And you're right, I BELIEVE this is a balloon of some sorts because all available evidence points in that direction.

That's not calling names, that's acknowledging a perfectly appropriate label.

Again. Find one image from the net of a balloon that looks like that.

So it's just not a balloon for some nebulous reason.

Balloons have all kinds of shapes and colors.

Yes I have been to an eye doctor. I saw several videos including some slow motion ones. All I see is a shiny object floating in the sky. Not exactly sure what is so wild about it. Maybe if it moved strangely or emitted something or anything other than floating there.

Accelerates? What are you talking about?

And fly against the wind direction

Jesus a fucking downvote? I'm trying to validate your post. By going through the channels I suggested we can prove it \*is not\* a manta ray balloon, not prove it is. I believe wholeheartedly it is not. However us "believing" is not irrefutable. If this is what it looks like, then the truth will be in our favor. Now upvote my shit back up lol

Did you research this or are taking that previous dudes word for it and repeating it as fact?

There is coordinated effort to discredit evidence in the sub, I myself have experimented it as so other people who claimed they have been “debunked” by fakes or forgeries.

The zoom is easily explainable (as well as the fact that the person recording is pointing the camera to empty space ahead of the plane). My guess is the people in the aircraft encountered the UAP moments before and saw it disappear in the clouds ahead, then the recording person took out its phone, started recording, made a quick zoom in zoom out and voila.

Animorphs maybe? I think they had a recurring species of tiny aliens.

You can consider all the "theories" you want, including the really dumb and illogical ones you apparently want to entertain. But the last 70 years have only bolstered the obvious conclusion that Fermi was getting at, whether or not you choose to ignore it.

There's countless documents of what people *thought* were encounters with alien species, in the same way people thought they were talking to God or Zeus. And that's aside from all the deliberate hoaxes. As the saying goes, extraordinary claims demand extraordinary evidence. So far, there's been none; therefore such claims should be dismissed.

Wouldn't that still require very advanced technology or scientific advancement--more advanced than what we humans currently possess? If they're that advanced, then presumably they also would have knowledge of weapons which could destroy themselves.

... no, just slim

Everything about it suggests modern human production techniques.. what, you think this is a natural phenomenon, that some animal birthed this?

Oh, I know, they look like a very aggressive and progressive company. I was just proposing that they be the beneficiaries a few US black projects. They are perfectly aligned. The US love to hide in plain sight, where no one is looking for them. Everyone talks about Los Alamos, an company’s like Lockheed, but every one forgets about the Manhattan project, and how a good number New York City’s offices, laboratories, and warehouses were involved in the top secret projects. “Plain Site”

The person who *allegedly* took the video was a passenger, a female model. Although what you say is true, the rest of the world uses the metric system in everyday life. Maybe she asked the pilot the altitude, he replied in feet and then "how much is that in km?"

Well, not much to the engine. The balloon will be slightly worse for wear.

The white rhino it is…..

Bingo. Doesn’t take much time to get a camera on something these days

[removed]

[deleted]

>There will always be an easy explanation for what you want to believe, if you're not willing to put in the work and prove your hypothesis Approaching r/selfawarewolves territory. So far we have the logical explanation that its balloons, which we see all the time, or its the easy explanation of alien spacecraft, which a few people have claimed to see but we have no proof.

It’s the one with him and Jeremy Corbell right? That’s the one I found. Oh trust me I’m right there with you on all this. I’m an aircraft mechanic and a buddy of mine who is also a mechanic we always send each other these videos and go on discussions about it cause we love the idea of aliens and advanced technologies and etc. I just mentioned to him exactly what you said about there being some sect of humans with the ability to build these insane new crafts and these instances we get on video from pilots could be like test flights that are caught whether accidental or on purpose to keep the “scare” that is of possible aliens alive. Our government and many other big power countries have done even more shadier things so creating false alien sightings with man made aircrafts isn’t too far fetched IMO.

Equilibrium is just equal pressure inside and out of the baloon. It stays at Equilibrium throughout flight. As the balloon rises, the lifting gas expands. It must either be partially inflated at the bottom, to allow expansion as the pressure from the atmosphere reduces. The volume of the balloon is key to its power, not the pressure of its content. A large balloon only half filled will lift less, at any altitude. There is no reason the balloon would be partially inflated at max altitude. There is a reason the balloon could be filled completely to atmospheric pressure on the ground. To increase its initial lifting capacity. It would require to release or compress helium ad it ascends to avoid increasing pressure at altitude. I could see this being a first option balloon on ascent because they tend to fly way higher than small aircraft.

Cool. Prove it, then. ✌️

Yet another dbag with *no grasp* of the meaning of the word skeptical, yet trying to use it as an insult. 🤣 "Not easily convinced" That's *literally* it. Does *NOT* denote a direction. You're claiming it's a balloon... I'm skeptical as fuck of that write off. So yes. It fits me. If you're just blindly accepting it as a balloon, despite no evidence being presented to prove it? Guess which word doesn't apply to you. 🤭 >The fact that you're qualifying and criticizing a solution for being unromantic Unromantic? Nah. I'm not accepting it because it hasn't been proven... And it doesn't look like a balloon. It's completely flat on the bottom (left side). It *doesn't* look like it's being blown around in the wind, because it remains in the same orientation the entire time you can see it. It stays flat on the bottom. If it WAS just a partially deflated balloon, the material would be loose. It would move around in the wind. Yet it's *not*. Try watching the video instead of just making an assumption off a still... "It's just a balloon" is a laughably lazy write off.

Check my edit, added some sceeengrabs. You can look for it now in the original: https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/12ddzxs/another_clear_uap_caught_on_film_flying_by/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=1&utm_term=4

It’s the same just the pixels are larger.

Especially his part where he’s trying to explain the “rotation theory” and ends up just saying “well I’m not very good at explaining this but it’s not rotating”. Goofy.

What do you mean trusting the NYT and DOD more? Are they claiming that it's rotating? No one disagrees that it's a UFO and that it's interesting, but it's entirely possible that the rotation is a result of the gimbal.

Skeptic.com Why not link me to an article on whether guns are bad or not by nragunnuts.net Aside from the fact the horizon is not also rotating, why would a trained military pilot not understand what his own camera equipment is doing or showing him. You’re clearly invested in something. And you don’t even know who Ryan graves is lmao. Just saw another guy say “Ryan graves said”

The idea of not just being eaten alive yourself but also with your entire family, not being able to help them or comfort them. You can hear kids crying in that scene. As a Father to a 2.5 year old Daughter this scene fucking got me man

Humans breaking the laws of physics does not “pass” Occams Razor lmFao Also the US having this tech and existing while Jesus roamed the earth lol Nobody said shit about proof, but I would argue that you are not thinking as critically as you claim to be. Edit: And we already know that UAP exist, it’s not mass hysteria or religious influence, we have video proof that they exist, and physical discriptions that *match* This isn’t the 2000’s, UAPs are not a “maybe they exist” They DEFINITELY exist, the question now is, what are they They are not drones, we don’t have drones that big or that maneuverable

It's common in the US, when you arrive to a party late, to have all the other guests take turns biting your nose.

Yeah, I just filed a harassment report of you abusing Reddit's Care System. Maybe you shouldn't be quick to send one seconds after you respond next time. Edit: The troll panic blocked me.

Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

I can’t make any determination one way or the other. I appreciate OP posting it and god knows everyone has an opinion on it but all I can say is a plane is flying and an undefined object appears. That’s it. I will say to your collision warning though, that’s a good piece of information, that whatever it is didn’t set it off. Im not sure what the parameters for it going off are, like would a bird or balloon set it off? A thin kite? With that though, there are often reports of having objects very close to passenger aircraft and pilots have stated the collision warning didn’t go off or that no instrumentation was showing the objects there at all. That doesn’t suggest anything but its something I consider on these sightings. When you say “flying at you” are you suggesting under their own power or more like flying *into* something just up there floating?

A Piper Navajo doesn’t have collision warning lol

That is some seriously shaky evidence to base a belief on. You even say “available evidence”. Why snap to a belief before something is vetted? That’s like me walking outside on a cloudy day and saying “based on all available evidence, I believe we will never see blue sky again”. This is a snippet. A fraction of time. We have no information from the pilot, noone has even checked the video to see if its CGI. I mean, people are like “It’s a balloon” or “it trash” when we don’t even know if it’s even a real object. And yeah, I’m angry because I’ve been accused like 5-6 times now of taking a side when all I’m saying is everyone, including you, are jumping to conclusions while everyone is as vying like they’re laying down some truth. The worst is implying I’m not using critical thinking. What?!? One of the few people commenting on this video actually displaying any level of it and *I’m* the one? Do people even understand what critical thinking actually is?

I don't think you understood my comment. It would be hard to find a balloon that looks like this because there is not enough detail in the original image to discern it accurately. It could be a balloon shaped like a diamond or a head of a famous cartoon character etc.

There is no nebulous reason. It is not a balloon as to date the only evidence given for it being a balloon is an unsubstantiated claim. Better just describe it as unidentified.

The internet is big. Find me one that looks like that thing.

>All I see is a shiny object right. >Maybe if it moved strangely did you not notice anything strange about it's shape or directional orientation? did it seems similar to a previously seen shape in the new york times 'gimbal' footage? that's all i'm asking. because if you can't correlate to the two, i don't know what to tell you other than you're just being obtuse lol

How is it flying against the wind

I didn’t downvoted you, someone else did XD I remember seeing the manta ballon video from Festo many years ago, it’s a huge floating ballon with little rotors and flaps which helped it float around a warehouse, it was more like a art exhibition rather than a commercial device you can flight 20,000 feet in the air, I guess the high winds would tear it apart as it was really fragile (and beautiful!)

I saw the video from Festo years ago. I’m not taking out my ass, I remember it.

I mean just because the more likely scenario is a balloon (and therefore a lot of people believe it’s a balloon) doesn’t mean there is a coordinated effort. The post hit the front page, so people from outside this sub that don’t believe for a second that this could even be extraterrestrial see this post and vote on comments. This tends to happen on a lot of niche subs when they hit the front page. Views from outside you bubble suddenly mix in the post en change the general opinion in a comment section by voting on comments. There is no conspiracy to target comments or something.

There doesn't need to be any coordinated effort here as there's nothing in this video that is un-balloon like.

>There is coordinated effort to discredit evidence in the sub Yeah, by all the people who don't like to admit that all this shit is actually mundane. It's a balloon.

It’s every sub dude, have you not noticed they’re hardcore pushing the trans narrative and “aLl GunS ARe BaD” lately. Hurry up and feminize yourselves boys, also don’t pay attention to the aliens and be a good disarmed citizen for daddy Joe

Again, why would we make such assumptions? Just to fit the narrative. That’s such a big problem with this community. Until otherwise known, you MUST take the evidence at face value and question everything, especially when it seem like good footage. This sub is burned over and over by this kind of thing, but never seems to learn. It’s really kind of unbelievable. You have to go with only the info presented first. Don’t make up narratives.

How are you going to tell someone what they experienced wasn’t real? Like bro, who the fuck do you think you are lol? Know it all neckbeards are on the rise once again.

True. But, if they managed to make it that far, they could also be advanced enough to not run around using the weapons unless absolutely necessary.

This thread is getting absurd, a model, asked in meters…. Gtfo

That’s stupid….. no pilot would reply this way.

Don't bother. No one ever thinks of the balloon in today's society.

As a matter of fact I do! Dig deeper in my profile! I double dare you.

A logical explanation doesn't mean it's right. For the record, this video contains approx 0.004% of good frames versus my average own videos with 300x+ zoom in visible spectrum + near infrared 36x zoom. It is not enough to prove or disprove that this object is anything mundane or special, since it doesn't show anything special. My average videos have about 72000 good frames each (20 mins at 60fps) with the object in the center of the frame, relatively crisp and in good focus, where you can see what the object is actually doing. If you want to go with "logical explanations, no questions asked", like most people who fought against progress in humanity's history, feel free to do so. You'll be left in the dust like all of them, while others will dare to challenge the status quo and dare go where no one have gone before, and potentially be remembered forever, or at least lead an interesting life. Documenting and analyzing UFOs is hard, but rewarding! Cheers!

Yeah Jeremy is kinda weird I wish he wasn’t there for it haha I have a crazy theory too. So if you look up 5th dimensional travel it’s awesome and better then time travel. That’s because the 5th dimension is all possible timelines that exist in the 4th dimension and below. So that means that if you could travel in the 5th dimension, you could just treacle to a timeline where you are the richest person on the planet and threes no cancer…..etc. So I’m the 5th dimension there’s all differ possible timelines of the planet Earth. So one of them has to be the most advanced, and some of them life can’t even form on earth ever. So maybe that very most advanced timeline of Earth is the absolute most optimal, and what ever humans that exist there’s developed and advanced 100x times quicker than us. Well maybe they would have mastered travel in the 5th dimension. And so they are exploring every single possible timeline of the planet earth. So they’re looking at us- the WW1 and WW2 and nuke and 9/11 timeline. Maybe in their timeline there was no comment that hit the Earth to change the planet, and some super advanced lizard rose to dominance and then figured out 5th dimensional travel. This would explain why there curious about us-specifically and would explain how they have an aircraft that’s essentially perfect for the earths environment I know for certain if we were able to do that, we would also go and check out every single possible timeline of Earth- just think about how insane the history of our own timeline is, imagine having thousands of different version of human history to sturdy an learn from. So maybe it’s just the most avdanced 4th dimensional timeline of human beings that mastered the 5th dimension and was able to

It isn’t at equilibrium when you let go and it starts rising upwards.

I don’t think you understand how evidence works. Also, the onus of proof will always fall onto those making the incredible claims. I’m as keen for disclosure and evidence as anybody but this video shows literally nothing that the mainstream would even remotely accept. It does not stand up to any scrutiny.

> Yet another dbag with no grasp of the meaning of the word skeptical, yet trying to use it as an insult. 🤣 Insult? I just said it's an oxymoron, which it is lol. Get a thesaurus. >I'm skeptical as fuck of that write off. So yes. It fits me. Ok, but if we're still talking about your username, you would then still believe it's a balloon...no? >If you're just blindly accepting it as a balloon, despite no evidence being presented to prove it? Guess which word doesn't apply to you. 🤭 It's a concrete video of a balloon. I'm a pilot, I fly by them all the time. It's a balloon. I'm skeptical of it being a UFO. >It doesn't look like it's being blown around in the wind, because it remains in the same orientation the entire time you can see it...It would move around in the wind. Negative ghostrider. You're under a misapprehension about how balloons behave. They are surprisingly static. > If it WAS just a partially deflated balloon, the material would be loose. It's not partially deflated, if anything it's over inflated. Air expands as altitude increases which explains why it's bulging on one side. I wouldn't say it's flat on the other either, the color looks flat, but in the video there's a good profile view of it, and it's not flat. >"It's just a balloon" is a laughably lazy write off. Unless that's what it is. Which it is.

So if one learns how to harness the power of an astigmatism that means they should be able to see into space. Bitchin.

Was the best article I could find discussing it in depth. The default assumption, as shown in this thread too, is that it was rotating because the pilots said so. Obviously any source disagreeing would be from a skeptic site or Mick West or metabunk etc. I'm not invested emotionally or biased if that's what you imply. I'm a believer in general but I try to remain objective. I don't know who Ryan Graves is? Bruh. I've been heavily into this topic for a decade. I just hadn't heard the specific podcast where he said it wasn't rotating as well. It just adds more interest to the theory, for me. You are the one refusing to consider it while getting angry with me for even suggesting it. That's not being objective. > Aside from the fact the horizon is not also rotating, why would a trained military pilot not understand what his own camera equipment is doing or showing him. The horizon not rotating is explained in the article I linked. Pilots can make mistakes. Maybe it's an uncommon thing, maybe they misunderstood what they were looking at or maybe it was actually rotating. I'm open to that, you're not open to the idea that it wasn't, are you?

That's not how Occam's Razor works. You have to measure the likeliness of the two against one another. I think it's far more likely that humans will eventually create tech that bends and breaks our current understanding of the physical properties of the universe than aliens are spying on us. We've made massive leaps in our knowledge about quantum physics and aerospace engineering and we've been routinely breaking our own ideas about the limits of our physical world for the last century. At one point, we thought humans would never fly. Now we have recreational space travel. And if you really want explanations for ancient UFOs, read the fucking Sagan book. That's what the entire book does: explains current UFO phenomena by exploring historical UFO phenomena and offering more likely antecedents, like mass hysteria, hallucinations caused by illness or religious rites, etc.

A light piston twin, like the one in this video, has no collision warning. Hell, it probably doesn’t even have a radio altimeter. The first half of their comment is correct but they’re making shit up that would be obvious to an actual pilot.

Since there is nothing suggesting this object is otherworldly that would leave 2 options: 1. There is an object in the sky that this pilot passed and filmed, or 2. It is CGI I personally see no reason to believe this is CGI. The video shows a pilot maneuvering to line himself up to pass something in the sky, and as soon as he is lined up he passes it and gets a pretty clear shot. And of the man made objects we know of that can get to that altitude, even briefly, a mylar balloon either shaped, deformed by altitude, or both, easily fits the pretty clear video taken when it passes. Deductive reasoning suggests the event occurred as filmed, and it's a mylar balloon. This idea would be falsified by evidence showing CGI manipulation and I would happily retract my statements if a convincing argument were to come out. 'Critical thinking' isn't just sitting on the fence yelling at both sides. There is more than enough in this video to make a reasonable conclusion that this event occurred as filmed, and that nothing out of the ordinary is taking place. Adding an extra layer of "you don't even know it's CGI or not" just to escape hopping off the fence doesn't show critical thinking, it shows stubbornness and a refusal to accept reality.

Honestly. All kidding aside. Look at the image and ask yourself what are the odds of a balloon compressing into a perfect shape like that. Pushing the its a balloon thing is Grasping at straws more than those that want to see something from out of this world.

I don't know that it is a balloon, but I don't see any reason that it couldn't be. You said you know that it isn't a balloon. But haven't given any reasons. What are those reasons? If I had said it could be an elephant, I wouldn't ask for you to explain why you doubted that, as it would be peculiar in the extreme for an elephant to be seen airborne, doing balloony things.

Do you actually doubt that a balloon like that could exist?

Exactly what I was thinking. I doubt a balloon would even make it up that far without being torn open. I do fear it could be some type of CGI but this is easily the most exciting thing posted here in a while as far as a sighting goes.

[deleted]

I’ve had people in this sub fabricate “evidence” that disproves or debunks some sightings. Some months ago I shared a sighting over Jalisco MX, the phenomenon looked like a string of lights in the sky. Some people wondered if it could be Starlink, so they checked and it was nowhere near the area. Flash forward a couple hours later, someone finds out it was Starlink after all, by posting a screen grab that clearly shows Starlink passing over Jalisco at the same time as the sighting. The “debunk evidence” gets a couple hundred upvotes before an hour, which just doesn’t happen in this small sub. Everyone comments things like “I wished it had been real! Good fun anyways” and wrap things up. As I’m left confused I receive a direct message from other member of the sub: “so, don’t make a big fuss about it, but the screenshot showing Starlink above Jalisco is a fake. They edited it to look like it was over Jalisco, it says a completely different thing in the website”. I’ll be damned, there ARE some people trying to discredit anything.

Do you have any evidence that is a balloon? Because if you have, you can show us why you think is a balloon, just calling it "balloon" doesn't work man. Ps: i don't know what it is, might be a balloon, might be CGI, might be a real ufo, i don't have enough evidence for either of those things, i just want to be objective. I just hate it when people are so sure it's a balloon or CGI and don't provide any evidence

doesn't look anything like a balloon to me.

How many musketeers, crossbow men and men armed with halberds would you need to take down a M1 Abrahams tank? The answer is none, as no amount of men armed with muskets or crossbows (and handguns, for that matter) can EVER stand a chance against a modern day tank. Between the crossbow and the tank there’s a 500 year difference, imagine what a 5000 year difference makes. Guns in America cause only tragedies. Against an extraterrestrial invasion, your handguns might as well shoot marshmallows, you cannot win.

Ok if we go by hard facts then this is definitely an UFO, as we don not know what it is, either a ballon or something else.

Whether *they* think it was real is irrelevant to whether anyone else should accept it as real. Until measurable evidence is presented, it has no greater credibility than a fairytale or hallucination. It's amusing that you accept that aliens would need tremendous scientific advancement and technology in order to travel to Earth, yet you apparently despise (or are ignorant of) basic scientific precepts and foundational concepts such as falsifiability, and measurable evidence.

Just reading through this he is telling you the truth. Other posters have said this was a European model who posted this on her Instagram originally and given that info it is very likely that she referred to measurements using the metric system.

Feb 4 2023 never forget!

[deleted]

That is such a dope thing to think about. Like essentially these other dimensional earthlings are just like “visiting the museum of the history of other dimensions earth” which is super cool to think about.

I think you are confusing equilibrium and neutral bouyancy. It is positively buoyant when you let go, because the gas in the baloon weighs less than the equal volume of air, thereby it rises. The pressure on the gas inside decreases as the baloon rises, and it will either expand or have to be removed from the baloon. As it roses through the atmosphere, it will reach a point where the air is at such low pressure, and therefore lighter, that the helium can no longer lift the weight of the baloon itself. It will stop rising because the weight of the total baloon is equal exactly to the weight of an equal volume of air. It is neutrally buoyant. Scuba divers do the same thing by carrying lead weights and an adjustable air bladder. They add and release air as they change depth in order to perfectly balance the sinking effect of the weight so the don't rise or sink at all.

That's a steaming pile of BS. 2 reasons. 1. You're *claiming* non prosaic explanations are "incredible claims". 2. Anyone who makes a claim should have to back it up. If you can't? Then you have a theory. This is not debunked.

>I just said it's an oxymoron, which it is "Not easily convinced". That's literally all it means. You're conflating it with disbelief. It *DOESN'T* mean "Unconvinincible". Fuck a thesaurus... Get a dictionary. >you would then still believe it's a balloon...no? No. If you're just blindly accepting it as a balloon, despite there being NO evidence proving it? Then you aren't skeptical. By definition. >I'm a pilot, I fly by them all the time. It's a balloon. So an argument-from-authority fallacy, and STILL no supporting evidence. Got it. ✌️ >if anything it's over inflated So an "overinflated balloon" that's perfectly flat on one side. Ask me again why I'm skeptical of this write off. 😂 >Unless that's what it is. Which it is. Evidence?

Yeah I know that’s not how it works, I was using *your phrasing* to try and explain that that is not a valid point Humans breaking the laws that hold to universe together, is not more likely than an unknown civilization existing on one of hundreds of trillions of planets orbiting tens of trillions of stars

This is why I’m so frustrated with this particular thread. “Debunkers” are going “Well pilots are saying..” Htf do people even know these are pilots???

There is not a shred of deductive reasoning in anything you said. Its conjecture, speculation and assumption. There isn’t a “yelling at both sides” here. That’s reductive. There isn’t, or shouldn’t be, “sides” when searching for the truth of something. There have been a handful of people here getting what I’m saying with the rest of you climbing over each other to make assertions about something with very little actual information. You have just as much information as someone claiming it’s a UAP craft. The difference is you are just taking that possibility off the table immediately because you’ve clearly come to the assumption that’s not even possible. A lot of you on here aren’t searching for any truth, you’re just wanting to make statements to be right about whatever side your on. edit: nothing on this video suggests it’s *not* otherworldly either. There is simply not enough here to go on and everyone saying there is either way is just stopping the search for the priority of being right. This is an interesting video. It would be nice to get some ground radar data, interview with the pilot etc but why do *any* of that, right? Why not just make these whole cloth assertions and call it a day?

I think the odds are in my favor here. I have put in well over 10 thousand hours into video production. Edit:

Based on the exchange between you two, I'm doubling down on the balloon.

Simple reasons. Firstly a google search for balloon and weather balloon provides no image that is similar. Not conclusive by any means but a reasonable starting point. Secondly in the absence of a structure a gaseous balloon will adopt a circular shape due to the gas exerting pressure equally. The image does not conform to this shape. Distortion of the shape requires a number of assumptions to be made which can neither be validated or disproved. Examples may be the existence of an internal structure or atmospheric conditions. Thirdly there is no evidence that it is a balloon other than people saying I think it’s a balloon. This is not sufficient reasoning to draw a conclusion. Please feel free to articulate your reasoning. If it is just I think it’s a balloon because it looks like one then that’s fine but personally it’s not an argument that I would believe to be persuasive.

Do you actually doubt a legit video like this could exist? You say it is a balloon with confidence. Show us one that looks similar. Just one.

No, the string of lights stuff was just starlink, and it's easily verified.

> Do you have any evidence that is a balloon? No. And I'm almost certain that we'll never be sure. All I'm saying is that there's nothing about it that is un-balloon-like.

He can't show you. Because they're just talking out of their ass that it's a ballon.

Do you have any evidence that isn’t? That argument goes both ways. I think you need to look up the definition of objectivity.

You sound ridiculous. The only way the gov would win a civil war is a carpet bomb on major cities. They are NEVER going to destroy their own infrastructure, just trick you into handing it over when you disarm yourself. Think past what the news teaches you little child, you really think those uvalde cops would have the balls to fight their citizens that pay their checks? Lol got some real thinking to do there bud. Time to grow up. There’s millions more patriots here than people willing to fight for a corrupt gov.

That is true. It is unknown, but that’s true for a lot of things initially on here. All we can do is look at this based on our experience. A LOT of times it’s a balloon. The problem is that it’s unlikely there will EVER be an image or video that is 100% convincing of anything anymore. Technology in imagery is just too good.

No, i just think it’s very pompous to tell people what they saw or experienced didn’t happen because they can’t provide you proof. It’s very dismissive and pretty egotistical if we’re being honest.

Thinking or doubting things without any work is the debunkers classic. For the record, I'm not against skeptics. As a matter of fact, I was a vocal defender of Mick West on the gimbal and the racetrack UFOs and he taught me how to use Stellarium and how to do stabilization in After Effects. When debunkers do actual legwork and prove stuff, I'm the first to back them up. If you went so far as to check my profile, you would know that out of the million persons here, I have the best ufo documenting setup. Not the best in the world, but the best in persons speaking publicly here. The people doing real science and trying to move things forward don't spend much time here. Nor do they spend any time on metabunk. I don't think or accept any explanations without repeating and replicable proof. I upgrade my setup as needed, collect data, and spend painful months full time analyzing data, only to begin again.

Exactly. Think of the wealth of knowledge they would have access too. These nearly perfect earthlings didn’t need to invent Nuclear bombs, us Neanderthal versions of them made those, so they came and checked it out because maybe it was technology they hand ever thought of. Or maybe in every other timeline, humans don’t know how to split the atom for another 100 years, but we’re the most war dominated timeline so we have that shit in the 1940’s But yeah they would have like a museum of all the shit they grabbed from all the other timelines.

Equilibrium means not changing. It will rise until it reaches equilibrium, and stay at that altitude. By definition, that would be at a neutral buoyancy, yes. The balloon is too heavy to go into space, unlike the helium itself which on its own could, so it will find a spot somewhere to float. And then because the balloon is leaky, lose most or all of its helium. It will descend as it does so, and may come to the point where it has negative buoyancy forever and float back to the ground. That’s what happens to most balloons, and they end up on the ground or in the ocean. Your scuba example is an excellent example of equilibrium between buoyancy and weight. If you claim neutral buoyancy is *not* an equilibrium, please explain why you think that. Because either positive or negative buoyancy isn’t.

Haha wow. Triggered much?

> You're conflating it with disbelief. I don't think you know what words mean...[It's literally a synonym with disbelief...](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/skeptical) So...you know, maybe alter the stance on the thesaurus. >despite there being NO evidence proving it? So we're just going to ignore the video posted here? >So an argument-from-authority fallacy It's only a fallacy if the person claiming authority, isn't. I *am* an authority on what flying past balloons looks like. >So an "overinflated balloon" that's perfectly flat on one side. This is another example of you not knowing what words mean. "Perfectly flat?" The video doesn't support that idea. And yes, one side yielding to the pressure before the other is not uncommon. Believe it or not, manufacturing standards for balloon material is not so strict. Crazy, right?

> You're conflating it with disbelief. You don't know what "conflate" means either apparently. Your replies in this thread so far make you sound like someone who just took a philosophy of religion course and is wholly arrogant about their dunning kruger level of knowledge, and has neither the wisdom nor experience to know how stupid they sound.

Good Christ. First, my point is about aliens contacting humans, not simply existing in the universe. Second, what humans know about the physical properties of the universe and the physical properties of the universe are not the same thing. There are all manner of unexplained physical anomalies in the universe. We actually know very little. Just read the book, dude. It’s Carl Sagan. This isn’t like, my opinion. It’s the prevailing sentiment in the field of astrophysics.

I've just scanned through the thread and I can honestly say I've never seen so many blatantly wrong statements about flying said with total confidence lol

So in order to find your "truth" in this specific situation one must accept the possibility that something that looks and acts exactly like a mylar balloon might in fact be an alien spaceship? See, I don't have any reason to add "alien spaceship" to the list of "is this a balloon, CGI, or...?" as there is nothing in the video that shows anything even remotely out of the ordinary. I wouldn't consider adding UFO any more than I'd consider adding an invisible robot sky falcon dropping metallic floating turds. The remaining question, is this a balloon or CGI, by appearances in this short but detailed video would be answered with, balloon. You can choose to overcomplicate things beyond that. I won't.

And If my grandmother had wheels she’d be a bicycle.Edit: what I mean is if you told me this was CGI’d, your Editing experience would be something I’d actually be really interested in because it would be relevant. Since your claiming something that is obviously not a balloon is a balloon, I’d only think your work experience is relevant if you were an aeronautical engineer, physicist, etc. As of now your comment just makes me think here’s another person who will say anything to avoid the thought that something could exist beyond our understanding.

> Secondly in the absence of a structure a gaseous balloon will adopt a circular shape due to the gas exerting pressure equally. The image does not conform to this shape. You've seen balloons with different shapes, surely. I've seen balloons of all kinds of shapes, including every letter of the alphabet. And airborne too. > This is not sufficient reasoning to draw a conclusion. Yeah, but it draws into question why we're even interested in this video in the first place. Personally, I'm more interested in things that couldn't be confused for a balloon.

You are spot on.

Did you read my comment? Because I also said that i don't have evidence that it isn't. Maybe read the whole thing first before commenting?

[deleted]

The US military is the world greatest and mightiest armed force in the world, more so than many other countries in the world combined. A civil war between Americans with guns and “the government” is completely out of question. If many countries armed with tanks, destroyers and and Air Force of their own don’t hold a candle against, let’s not say the military, but the US Navy ALONE, what do you think a but of civilians armed with berettas, glocks and AR-15s can do against a single US navy destroyer? Against a single tank? How would the defend against a predator drone? The American people lost its capability to defend themselves against a tyrant government many many decades ago. They don’t need to “carpet bomb” entire cities to wipe out a civilian insurrection, they only need to press a couple buttons on a dashboard.

I was thinking about that and I decided the only way to know for sure would be for them to directly contact us, like, park their UFO above our city and contacting us I wonder if we really want that jaja

