The following submission statement was provided by /u/HumanityUpdate: --- Submission statement: This is the video released by AARO today during the senate hearing. This video was taken by a MQ9 reaper drone. They don't know what this object is and remains a UAP. This object was also identified as one of the most common objects they encountered. There are no indications as to what this object could be. --- Please reply to OP's comment here: https://old.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/12rym73/orb_video_released_by_aaro_at_todays_hearing/jgw5qxo/

This kind of thing is bittersweet for me every time. My grandfather was a massive UFO/UAP enthusiast and a former aerospace engineer and he passed about 10 years ago. Things like this have really ramped up since then and it hurts that he isn't here to see it. Every time there is incredible news like this I have a moment where I think how much I would love to share it with him. Y'all are a really great community, thanks for helping me keep his memory alive.

This was the only decent piece of information. Didn't press about the tic tacs, nothing on Puerto Rico, didn't press him on the other UAP that were shot down only the Chinese balloon. I was expecting more from the Senate

It's like the Mosul orb... now imagine all the footage the government has and we will never see

I am always a 'negative Nancy' when it comes to things like these, but this is a half-decent video to be fair. This is exactly what we need. More pictures and videos like this. Longer ones preferably. This is why a lot of us are closely following proceedings - to see real data. We know they have plenty of it.

I mean, holy shit?

Submission statement: This is the video released by AARO today during the senate hearing. This video was taken by a MQ9 reaper drone. They don't know what this object is and remains a UAP. This object was also identified as one of the most common objects they encountered. There are no indications as to what this object could be.

lol in my head I imagine the operator being like “wait wtf was that” a good second after it moves through fov of the drone, like a dog chasing a bird or something

I am an skeptic but that looks very promising.

Context: >Dr. Kirkpatrick: This is basically all the data we have associated with this event from some years ago. It is going to be virtually impossible to fully identify that, just based off of that video. Now what we can do, and what we are doing, is keeping that as part of that group of 52% to see what are the similarities, what are the trends across all of these, and do we see these in a particular distribution, do they all behave the same or not. As we get more data, we will be able to go back and look at these in a fuller context. How are we gonna get more data? We are working with the Joint Staff to issue guidance to all the services and commands that will then establish, what are the reporting requirements, the timeliness and all of the data that is required to be delivered to us, and retained, from all the associated sensors. That historically hasn't been the case, and it's been happenstance that data has been collected.

Dang. That's super good footage and it appears to be going pretty fast and steady.

where is this? Iraq again?

Wow. That’s kind of fucking cool. I guess it wasn’t s reflection in a puddle after all.

The technology, man... The technology this mf have. Just a ball that small not only capable of defy gravity, but go figure what's inside. Every possible sensor one can imagine and more?

Is this the same orb Jeremy Corbell released a photo of and everyone shit on him for it ?

I’m pretty sure I saw one of these. Just a metal ball sitting in the sky above the highway. My friend saw one too, sitting in the sky above her apartment. She took a pic but like all ufo pics, it doesn’t really look like much.

Direct link to the video here: [https://www.armed-services.senate.gov/imo/media/video/Middle%20East%20UAP.mp4](https://www.armed-services.senate.gov/imo/media/video/Middle%20East%20UAP.mp4) Webpage https://www.armed-services.senate.gov/hearings/to-receive-testimony-on-the-mission-activities-oversight-and-budget-of-the-all-domain-anomaly-resolution-office

Let’s see Mick West debunk this

Can’t wait for the balloon community to say something.

One of the best UFO videos of all time. What a shame they probably only showed a small clip, I bet the original was longer.

That completely normal weather balloon is hauling incredible amounts of ass.

What was the explanation for not having the entire video?

So we got propulsion-less fucking spheres out here and we’re not dumping billions into finding out what the hell they are? I’m trying to ride on one of these!

Just a metallic orb. Tracking straight through the sky, without any discernable propulsion system.

It looks like it zipped right over people who probably were completely unaware of it. Makes me wonder what has flown over me that I’ve had no clue about.

I hope that in 5 yrs, we'll see everything 🙏

That looks like the drone from Star Wars that Luke uses to train his laser deflections

[deleted]

Any information on when and where this was taken?

This is EXACTLY what I’ve seen myself. The way it moves in a straight line, the way the light reflects off it, the size. Crazy.

Shits getting real

The government finally released a video we can share with our families and not look like kooks

[deleted]

This is exactly what I saw years ago Round Matte dark Grey Flying fairly low I never thought I'll see it again so clearly

Everyone calling out Jeremy for being a fraud. Me included should now apologise. Dude was legit.

Must feel good to be Jeremy Corbell today. Good for him.

I saw this exact thing last year in Utah while on my back porch. It was a decently sized silver sphere that was traveling faster than anything we have. It was flying from North to south and wasn't that high in the air. I haven't seen a video of one of these so it's quite remarkable to me

Now this is pod racing

[deleted]

This is excellent.

Ok so why did they STOP tracking it??

[deleted]

Look at that! They learned how to blur the sensor information!

Wow, this one is crazy ! O_O

My only issue is only three senators made the time to show up for the hearing. All of these politicians love making sound bites about the importance getting to the bottom of these anomalies, then don’t show up. When their questions and or influence could forward our understanding of the phenomenon. Regardless of the reasons for low attendance, it's essential for senators to fulfill their responsibilities as elected officials and actively participate in hearings related to anomalies or any other significant issue. Their presence, questions, and influence can contribute to a better understanding of the phenomenon and the development of effective solutions. As constituents, it's important to hold senators accountable for their attendance and engagement in hearings that impact the public interest. Engaging in constructive dialogue with senators and advocating for their active participation can help promote transparency, accountability, and progress in addressing important issues.

It's extremely similar to the image Corbell & Knapp had on their podcast lately. Of course, not many people will actually give them any credit for it.

I’ve seen things like these in person, up close, on three occasions! It’s absolutely crazy how these things just float and defy gravity. They move through air like reality is some virtual space. The ones I saw were orbs a little larger than a basket ball but smaller than a standard beach ball. Metallic and with an almost reflective sheen on it. No sound at all.

Where are the balloon experts they’re who we need to consult with on this.

I've seen those before. I live in Kansas near a rural path called Old Lawrence road. It's the main way to get between Wichita and the park city area. It was probably 2 a.m., but with my high beams, I saw 3 of those exact same metallic ball-shaped objects flying maybe 9 feet above the ground directly towards my truck at approximately 45 mph. My passenger saw it too. We stopped after they flew over us and got out of the truck. It's nearly pitch black out there. They aligned in some sort of formation and one by one darted into the sky at speeds I couldn't even estimate. No sound whatsoever (although there was a slight wind which could have covered the sound). They only emitted light once they took off into the sky.

Hope we get to see more things like these

Every time I see a video like this, I'm again amazed that these are officially released by the government. I never thought I'd see the day they publicly acknowledge this stuff.

My mom and I saw one of these in Toronto about 12 years ago.

This time next year, text to video AI will be so widely available and refined that no UAP video will ever seem credible, ever again. We need a bombshell clip, asap

Wow they actually released something decent

Just think about the gravity of this. There it is, in clear view, published by the government, an object that doesn't fly with any known means of propulsion.

Honestly pleasantly surprised we got something out of the hearing, and a fairly compelling something, at that.

Is this just a dolly zoom type effect where something is falling but the camera is so zoomed in it looks like it's going horizontally over a surface? Why not show the whole thing? When did they lose sight of it?

Why didn't they blown it out of the sky like the other "balloons"

Wait I thought the orb was just a pothole with water in it?

So, we gonna keep saying this is a balloon or a cannon ball or something like that? When are people gonna take this seriously cause this doesn't look normal at all.

[removed]

“High fly ball deep center field that ball is OUTTA HERE!!

cant believe the Jawas didnt react to it, youd think theyd want to get their hands on it

Honestly, this is an awesome official DOD video. To all of those assholes that claimed the mosul orb was obviously a puddle and I'm an idiot for thinking otherwise...ummmm.... what now bitches?

What if these orbs are the stone spheres from [Costa Rica](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stone_spheres_of_Costa_Rica)

I’m just here for the balloon posters to call this non-balloon a balloon (or for a balloon mod to delete my comment making fun of balloon posters)

"No evidence of extraterrestrial activity" Show me any human aircraft/baloon/whatever that looks like and hauls ass like that.

[removed]

Just don't mind the people who say it's a balloon or mylar balloon, I just started being open minded and listened to their reasoning but what I got in the end is losing my braincells. Fuck you

It’s clearly real, clearly proof of uap tech that exceeds known tech from all govs. Doesn’t make it alien. Definitely not a balloon. I think this forum has detractors that echo senseless remarks about balloons and what not to discourage the truth. Also, why is it we finally get good footage and people can’t stop focusing on making stupid joke replies?

Strange... very strange. I don't know what to make of it exactly. I see a sphere moving through the air at mediocre speeds, yet it's far from being mediocre. Spheres don't just fly around the sky casually. I'm thinking it's some advanced drone tech. Someone or something is probably gathering data... but for what purpose?

Has anyone else seen orbs form pictures in the sky or am I just schizophrenic

Officially debunked by Mick West as a Cannonball that was shot from a replica Spanish galleon for its 200th anniversary swarade!

Is the red arrow indicating the direction of the drone? If that's the case parallax doesn't appear to correlate with the direction of the object. I would expect parallax effect if the drone was moving North, opposite the apparent direction of the object. Also the last 3-4 seconds the object appears to take a more "Westerly" course.

OH, IVE SEEN 9 OF THOSE SUPER CLOSE UP!!! 😬i was stopped at a stop sign and they came up from behind the treeline i was facing, which was just across the road. The field back there was empty at that time (june 2011) now its filled with houses. Anyways, they came up above the treeline, one at a time, at about 5ft above the tree, it made a 90 degree pivot toward the direction we were, which was right in front of it. Then a few feet towards out direction and the next one popped up and did the same thing. This happened 7 more times (9 orbs in all) and followed each other in a perfect line. They came up the hill we had just gone down and was now stopped at the bottom of, always staying about 5ft above the treeline. So im assuming the trees were 45 ft tall, im probably way off because idk how tall tree normally are lol. And just went over us, but about 10 ft to the left more than right over us. They looked to be about the size of a tiny car like an old beetle or a smartcar, they had no noise, nothing i could see that propelled them, and when the sun hit them at one point, they shown like silver metal. Literally just looked like 9 car sized metal marbles or ball bearings, floating in the sky. I was with my ex and our son and there was a red car stopped behind us that got out of the car and stood watching. I was terrified and hysterical, and my ex was just chill about it like it didnt bother him.

Where are the people that were so confident that this thing was a puddle, CGI, or bug? The skeptics' credibility on this sub has dropped immensely after they officially released this video.

Omg 😱 that is... Quite compelling.

Kind of reminds me of the thing I filmed two years ago, near a Northrop Grumman facility Filmed about two years ago, when I saw it, I couldn’t look away https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/1114lie/filmed_about_two_years_ago_when_i_saw_it_i/ https://imgur.com/a/b9hf3YT

Ok. We’ve seen videos like this before. We need to know the speed of the camera and the altitude. Then we can understand a little more about potential parallax.

Could it be a small balloon that is close to the observer? So it looks like it is moving on its own? I mean, it's not moving particularly fast. Could just be wind.

So much for balloons

Please explain how a silver ball can move that fast without wings suspended. No sign of an engine. Would like to know.

The way it moves reminds me of the [DHS Rubber Ducky UFO](https://youtu.be/vygJ5B3QxzA). Is there any chance that was actually an orb and the two-piece kind of appearance to it is actually a radar anomaly or something? I'm not sure the nature of the sensor the rubber ducky was captured on but perhaps a sort of tin flash or reflection was causing it to appear that way throughout?

[Ed-E is that you?!](https://youtu.be/l-x-1fm2cq8)

I wonder if they have wind/climate/airspeed data attached to this video somewhere.

Hmm, that orb that dropped from the sky in Mexico like a year ago. Looks like this could be the same type?

And you guys were getting sick of orbs...

The drone be like: "Taliban here... Taliban there... O wait...."

It looks a lot like Mosul orb and the way it was shot is identical.

Looks kind of like the [Betz Sphere](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betz_mystery_sphere)

Looks like someones got an eye on the five eyes!

O no a balloon

It's just Vegito

The kind of footage we've been demanding for decades. Keep it coming!

“Wait until it’s disclosed that they made us for the purpose of scientific research, and are in fact, our creators. Oh also they created religion as a safety program to ensure we didn’t kill ourselves before they could run all of their experiments on us.” - Jimmy Carter probably

It’s a perfect seem-less sphere slightly blueish metallic in appearance, silent and likes low level slow travel about 100ish ft over houses… almost brilliant in finish. Couldn’t make out any surface textures. It didn’t hang about tho.

Betz mystery sphere?

This is pretty awesome. I mean, it is the real deal IMO. EDIT: The more I watch this, the more profound it is. I mean, why is it there? That is a baffling question to me.

Alright well I've thought about this for a few hours. Probably the best UAP video plus receipts I've ever seen. I know it's just a boring looking ball bearing in the sky, but it's history. When those people go to sleep tonight (after a fairly redacted conference) They'll be thinking *"Wtf was that thing?"* One step closer.

Its ED-E going to Navarro

Had anyone figured out if it's traveling with or against the wind?

It’s just the penalty Haaland missed today

Does anyone knows what the yellow circle on the horizon line means?It gets closer to the center as the video progresses. Could it be the angle of the camera in relation to the direction of the flight?

[deleted]

“This is all the data we have from this event” 🙄 yea ok He specifically said that event so I can imagine the data they have

I wonder if they have more footage of this.Also, I’ve seen something like that before but tiny and red.

That's a bird

Some type of magnetic anomaly free floating inbetween gravity. I'll call it a whopper with cheese.

Redditors: that's probably a starlink satellite, possibly a Chinese lantern

Is it me or is there suddenly a lot of coverage about ufos in the media? Have the sightings increased or is it just that more people talk about it?

Was the drone that took the footage moving at the time? Knowing what direction it was travelling and how fast would make interpretating the video easier

Seems obvious they are highlighting these metallic orbs first before other things leak out. First it was blurry FLIR vids, then this.. it’s acclimation to weird stuff. It’s gonna keep getting clearer and clearer and more obvious with each hearing. This is already a much better video than the one shown last year.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bidMbi-2UZU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bidMbi-2UZU) the object ejects something when changing direction

My question is: why can’t these be drones?

Hey guys also don’t forget the military has this video in 8K but purposely released it in this lower quality

Obviously its a mylar balloon. /s in case this wasnt obvious.

The flying puddle

Is no one else frustrated that the slide this was shown on, said the object showed no extraordinary characteristics?

At the end of the video it looks like it moves away from the reticle

Pretty neat they will blur out all the classified information on the screen and release this video of this insane UFO. I hope the same happens for the 3 “hobbyist balloons” because I have a funny feeling at least one of the 3 things shot down a few months ago was far from a balloon.

Alien drones I'll bet

will be fun to read the debunkers posts. it reminds me of this image, in which the orb was not visible to the photographer when the photo was taken. [img]https://i.imgur.com/ETYa9FC.jpg[/img]

THAT LOOKS EXACTLY like the one me and my sis saw driving down Washington, Illinois, I can still pull up the location, I remember it so well.. Except it was sitting there and then moved/Shifted across in an instant before hovering again and then doing that a couple more times before it just left super fast! The sky was deep blue and clear that day!

Just looks like a drone

Hey I don't have time to go through the 1k+ replies but it looks as though the people on the ground are ducking and covering. The person on the left is (imo) running for cover while the people on the right seem to embrace as would a parent and a child under duress.. I know this might be irrelevant but at the same time wonder what it could mean. Are they afraid of the UAP or the reaper, Just seems a bit strange,

[deleted]

Just really happy that all the clown puddle debunkers can finally eat their terrible takes back up.

Guys chill, it's an object falling to the ground, not a vehicle travelling horizontally. If you drop an object from a great height and follow it down with a camera that is zoomed into the background the object will look as though it is travelling horizontally and not falling.

Can’t wait to hear mick west blabber on this, the mental gymnastics will be quite hard on this on

Phantasm was on to something..

This one is pretty neat imo. Like, I 100% believe in aliens and them visiting us. Even if this is fake, it's still pretty cool.

What the heck is that?

This one is pretty neat imo. Like, I 100% believe in aliens and them visiting us. Even if this is fake, it's still pretty cool.

"we don't know what it is, but we see them defy our laws of physics and gravity constantly." "It is also definitely not extraterrestrial." "We don't know what it is." Intensifies.

I wish people would stop with the "omg parallax!', 'dropped object!' and 'balloon!' comments. While I feel the Pentagon would have no problem hiding details from us, they have done it for over 70 years after all, they would not produce a 'fake' video for the hearing. I think this is probably something they felt they could release without causing that much of a stir. They had to produce something, and it could not be like that last ridiculous video of a dot for 2 frames. I think they have MUCH better content available, and we will not see it. But c'mon.. this was taken with a Reaper, the top of the line surveillance equipment with multiple sensors and radar. I don't believe their 'this is all we have for the event' comment either, not for a second. They would not release a video that has probably been examined by experts, captured by the highest end equipment available in a drone for the hearing if they knew it was a balloon. It's hilarious how the armchair Reddit experts already KNOW what it is. And of course, they have already produced a few different, but 100% certain scenarios. It's a falling object. It's a balloon. It's parallax. C'mon... I doubt 90% of those commenting on parallax had even heard of it until Mick came along. I think there is much better stuff we will never see unless Congress tightens the Pentagon's budget drawstrings.. and that will not happen. There are not enough people in Congress who care or even know about UAP for that to ever happen. We need a Snowden level event, where someone spills all the goods, that is probably the only way we will ever really find out.

Mehh Show us the good footage , like unless we see the ball zig zag , stop, then blast off at Mach speeds it’s just a flying metal ball. Is it interesting, ya I guess. Is it enough to shift the paradigm , no, not even close. But it’s a start I guess. These guys are still holding onto the good footage.

Where's the source video?

Floating sphere travelling in a straight line at terrestrial speeds.

Could this be another balloon?

The debunkers are oddly quiet today 🤔

Looks like a balloon caught by a gust of wind

I’m gonna need some kind of change in direction or speed to know this isn’t a balloon before I care

For all those claiming it's a balloon. I don't think they would produce this object like they did unless they were sure it was not a balloon. You see a video - do you really think that is all the data they have on this object? A Reaper drone has multiple sensors and radars as well. It was made for reconnaissance, and I have a feeling a LOT more data on this object was captured than a simple video.

It is fascinating and I think it’s a great video but it’s not giving me ET vibes. It could be a drone for what that is worth or some type of maneuvering balloon. This video the sphere is not even going that fast. Great catch though and does peak some interest.

I wasn’t expecting any sort of evidence to come out of the hearing, so it’s a pleasant surprise we got what we did. But I think the rest of what they showed was clear indication that they’re being intentionally shifty. 1.They gave a breakdown of shapes, and 52% are spheres. 2.They provided a list of features which leave a lot to be desired. Speeds from Stationary to Mach 2. Either one of those extremes eliminates balloons. The question that they didn’t answer and needed to was how many of *those* specific objects were spheres. 2.Then we get this sphere video. What I find very curious is that Jeremy Corbell released better footage of what by all appearances is the same or an identical object from the same area. Considering that footage came from the military, AARO should have it. That means they’re intentionally only releasing videos that make the determination of what it is more ambiguous. In the video they released the few pixels could easily be explained away as a Mylar balloon. In the one Corbell released people were claiming it was a puddle, because it didn’t display any features of a typical Mylar balloon (no seams, perfectly round, non-reflective). No smoking gun that this sphere is a UAP, but the fact that they categorized it as such and chose to display it is not random and needs to be considered. The Disclosure crowd keep saying that the USG “knows” these things are ET, and yet AARO keeps kicking the can down the road. Either they’re getting directed to cover the whole thing up, or they’re trying to ease the public into this as slowly as possible. Place your bets. Edit: I admit I haven’t been able to watch the heating (yet), I’m only going off what I’ve seen discussed online.

Can someone explain why a shiny metallic balloon can be ruled out? There's no dramatic changes in direction. And please don't just say "because AARO says so". I think this looks promising but that would be my first question.

Looks like two African swallows, sadly they blend in too well with the coconut to see them.

Once you actually see one of these in the wild, all the little squabbles and arguments on here look so stupidly trivial.. lol They exist “Mick Wests” of the world, get over it.

Parallax: let’s assume the reaper drone was at an elevation of 25k feet, from that video, the object looked like it travelled ~1 km in 17s, and let’s assume an elevation of 1 km for the ball. If you do some basic Pythagorean math, the reaper would have to have travelled 7.62 km in 17s, that’s equivalent of Mach 1.31. I doubt that a reaper w/ a prop can do that. If the ball elevation was lower you would have even bigger issues, and if you use arc angle for calculations, the distance travelled would be even greater. And if the distance travelled by the ball was greater, the speed of the drone would have to increase as well. Sure, there may be fumble effects, but not that dramatic. Edit: what I’m saying is that parallax is highly improbable

Corbell is going to have a hard on for the rest of the week over this. Jokes aside, good video. Glad to see that they’ve started to release something worth watching. And Corbell is cool.

Why are ufo videos exclusively 360p or less?

idk looks like a balloon to me

Love or have corbell all you want but he has to feel a lil vindicated right now.

How do we know this is not a drone?

[I have seen this before. ](https://preview.redd.it/x0qq8q9fijm01.jpg?auto=webp&v=enabled&s=20a9a9ed4adff7f7743f501d42e295ae689e556d)

It looks like its falling from the sky

Yep. That’s a dot. There everywhere man! Some people think they are from another galaxy. They’re from the future!

Probably a small propeller drone

Really reminds me of the Aguadilla, P.R. footage.

What if.... They are coming from within earth and it is the glorious population of Atlantis?

[deleted]

[deleted]

Obviously someone is shooting off cannonballs!

Is that just compression or does it look round in some of the footage and cubical in others?

One of the balloons released on the show, The First 48. You're welcome. Now you will think of this video when watching a balloon let go.

[deleted]

Looks like the orb at the Queen's Jubilee: [https://www.reddit.com/r/HighStrangeness/comments/v4fi69/orb\_of\_light\_ufo\_passes\_by\_during\_air\_show\_for/](https://www.reddit.com/r/HighStrangeness/comments/v4fi69/orb_of_light_ufo_passes_by_during_air_show_for/)

WHAT DO THESE BALLOONS WANT FROM US!!?!??

This video will give the History channel about 40 different documentaries!! Joking aside it’s interesting but doesn’t scream alien to me. It’s almost like a surveillance drone. Just because it’s round I don’t think we should lose our shit about this. Look at what main stream racing drones can do. Is to much to think secret government advanced drones could do this ?

Are we positive that's not a football thrown by Uncle Rico?

Just a point, imagine a country figured out the science behind making objects move like this. It would be foolish to openly declare it. Even if you was to declare superiority, nukes still exist which renders everyone dead. I'm just saying, it might not be Aliens. You've got to remember, if it was possible for Aliens to make that sort of technology, it's likely possible for us too, which just don't know how. Perhaps China, Russia or another country developed these and the technology is kept extremely quiet. Perhaps it's even the US. All I know is that if I had superior technology I wouldn't be showing my opponent's until I had to

Object looks alot like the Puerto Rico video.

Tf reddit putting on my feed

So if that's a spaceship, aliens are, what, 2in tall?

I know this seems to be moving very fast, but the drone would be moving too, so relative to the ground, it’s really hard to gauge speed. Anyway, my theory is that it’s a large helium mylar balloon driven by high winds. Please tell me why that can’t be the case.

So hear me out. Reaper mq-9 can fly at 15km at speed like 200 km/h. If it is high enough and slow so that the very zoomed in objects on the ground appear stationary then a stationary object very near will produce result such as on the video in an illusion of movement, especially if the drone is flying against strong wind If the object is indeed not propelled then the value of this video is meh. If it is propelled then it is mindblowing

Balloon from the top lol

Can't wait to read all the comments on how it's a *ballon*

Wow another balloon in the wind. Everyone get all excited and jump to a bunch of absurd conclusions.

Well, to be fair, if this video was taken from a moving drone, is there any way to tell if the object is moving or if its apparent motion is just parralax?

Pretty obvious a mylar balloon of a water puddle reflection with parallax

Next gen tech, not Alien IMO.

i dont think space aliens anymore. i think its some old shit from some previous civilizations. either unearthed or some recent technology that 'reactivated' them.... like microwaves, xrays. whatever they are doing with that CERN machine, 2G, 3G, 4G, 5G etc... wifi.... some sort of frequency/vibration waking those things up. what a way to "talk to the future"... you know the earth is about to end, you make a bunch of probes and such that rely on a specific technology to access them. you know itll take thousands of years for humanity? to get back to that point and when they do these probes will come alive.

This isn't as interesting as the ones first released by the government. This could easily be a balloon that appears to be moving due to parallax. The balloon would be floating above the ground and the plane taking the video is moving faster and higher up so it would appear to be moving at a different speed than the ground.

Looks like some kind of drone.

The fastest human spacecraft (Parker solar probe) is expected to reach a speed of 430,000 mph. Alpha Centauri is 25 trillion miles away. If aliens had a spacecraft capable of moving 10x that speed, it would take them 600 years to reach Earth. If they could travel 100x faster, it would take them 60 years. First, they'd have to have any good reason at all to spend the resources required of such a mission to travel to this particular solar system. Which if they're from Alpha Centauri, isn't too far fetched. But if they're capable of that journey, then there's just not any point in worrying, or doing anything at all, because there's just no way we could do anything to them. I think aliens exist. The universe is so big, it would seem completely improbable there isn't life elsewhere. I'm not at all sure that it's likely other life would have evolved in the particular way that humans have, that led us to develop spacecraft. That outcome could very well be exceedingly rare. T biggest issue I have with the idea of any aliens/tech visiting Earth (unless they're somehow local), is that space is incomprehensibly huge, and everything is so fucking far apart. Inter-star system travel would just take so fucking long, no matter how fast you were going, that I'll always be skeptical of the hundreds of pieces of usually shitty "UFO" footage (this clip is pretty good though). But man I wish we confirm alien life before I die. I'd be ecstatic with a single celled organism on Europa. I'd shit myself if we found a spacecraft, or any piece of technology that we cannot account for. That's that good evidence that I'd probably require to change my view.

This is just a balloon guys just stop

It looks like a balloon. I don't see something that cannot be explained and I am not a UFO hater

"Dr. Marshal! You know what this means?!" "Yes......MICK WEST CAN SUCK IT"

I’m waiting for Mick West to ”debunk”this and say it’s a car or a birthday balloon some 5-year old lost.

Its a fucking balloon

Looks like a balloon-sized object with balloon-y characteristics floating at a mundane speed in a straight line, which is balloon-like movement

[deleted]

Looks like a balloon, flies like a balloon, then it must be from another planet. Basically the logic of most people here.

Seems like a balloon or something blowing in the wind, just the distance from the camera and how zoomed in it is makes it seem super fast.

Can SOMEONE tell my this couldn't just be a mylar balloon blowing in high speed wind?

This is something falling or just a standard balloon. Guys if we are looking for unexplainable stuff stop posting this garbage. This sub is turning into the “Ghost Adventures” of UFOs - every little thing is not evidence.

A flying butt hole. I knew it.

I wish aliens, or whomever they are had a better taste in style, they seem to lack in aesthetics lol

They have specialists, and they said that they don't know what it's, but I think it won't take too long before someone in the comments, a redditor with "better knowledge" say that he know what's it's or that is CGI lmao

So per the CEO of NVIDIA , they should be able to reconstruct and sharp still image from this video resulting in identification

Uncle Rico's football is still going!

I calculated that if this were a relatively stationary object such as a balloon, it would appear to move like this if it's around 10,000 ft altitude. (Assuming the camera is approximately 50,000ft high traveling 300mph and the apparent speed of the object is 50-100mph)

Really getting sick of just seeing the same old shit. It’s always a video of some kind of orb/balloon looking thing with poor quality. These aliens are kinda shitty if all they’re going to do is fly around their drones. Like you came this fuckin far and you’re NOT gonna say anything to us? Just survey shit? Do they need resources? Why have they not tried for resources? And if they have tried for resources (such as mining quarry’s or farms) why do we have no video of that - it seems more likely we’d see that due to its size compared to a small orb flying in the sky. I believe we are not alone in the universe. However it’s insulting to think that a species capable of crossing vast distances to reach us would simply survey.

cool balloon, I guess.

I mean.... that's nothing. You can't base any assumptions on that.

Shawty AI is making art so good that it’s winning competitions with humans. We’ve got Hollywood movies that look more realistic than reality. And you dingus’s are concerned about a couple pixels filmed on a flying potato??? This guy from the front page doesn’t get it.

So, we are now just conveniently assuming that this small moving speck in this 640x480 px video is a sphere?

[removed]

UFOs are astrology for dudes

so once again a high speed plane filming an object in a great distance hoovering above ground/flying way slower?? come on guys, we already had that. it is called parallax.

Quite amazing the 80mph winds that are pushing this balloon isn’t also blowing dust around like you’d expect.

In before someone says it's a balloon..

To me it looks like a balloon low on helium. If there were high winds that day it could explain it's speed

Yes, sorry I was playing baseball with my friends that’s our ball

Cannonball fired from cannon? My best guess, which means this is likely UAP because that’s a shitty guess

It’s just the CIA/Air Force testing out new aircraft’s. They use propaganda like aliens as a misinformation campaign to mislead us all from top secret projects. This has been going on since the atomic bomb, to the U2 spy plane, to the B2 bomber, to predator drones, etc. They would share what these things are but we can’t lose our competitive edge to other countries (China and Russia). So these projects stay in the dark. Fun fact, only the president knew about these secret projects, not the vice president, Congress, you name it. So yeah there is hella confusion in our government, cuz no one knows what the CIA/Air Force is doing 😂 so they will look into this and receive the bare minimum of answers. My guess is, this is a drone we have. Just testing it out.

Y'all don't recognize a balloon?

That straight-on path it takes makes it look like it’s at the mercy of the wind. Looks like a party balloon 🎈

According to Isreal's military intelligence, there's a mothership responsible for deploying these things somewhere in our Solar System.

Totally CGI and fake

Weather balloon

Just looks like a balloon to me

Could that be part of the antenna on a humvee.

More RC stuff. Nothing to see here.

Did they maybe publish the actual video file?

Clearly nothing to worry about just Chinese that's fine. Give them 50 billion and pat everyone on the back

[deleted]

Pondering this orb with ferocious intent

is it this? Kino: The Flying Camera Ball https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gM\_8ODezfPM

Can’t wait to pilot one of these babies.

How high is the drone?

Did they say anything about how fast it was going? Was the flight path straight, or did it bob around? I love how clear the video is, and that it’s been released by a government agency, but I just have a mountain of questions.

So those metal balls that people have found are these things?

Good god, here we gooooooooo

Obvious a bird snatched a balloon from a child.

What if these metal spheres are still UFOs with occupants inside. Like really small but extremely smart beings.

Wowsers! This is very notable footage

Where second video?

single passenger gravity craft…these things could be living under us and we’re still just dumb apes

The government will never admit that they know what these things are. If they have in their possession these objects, or if private interests are making these. I don’t think the us, another nation, or corporate entity would risk losing an asset like this by chance. Which is why I’m leaning it’s not from this earth.

What is this thing?

Swamp birds with gas

Ok, so now we have soccer ball drones zooming around battlefields ?

So cool we have so much stuff that can fly like this. Humans are an amazing bunch

Hmm what IF the Bets Spehere really was other worldly tech?

Guys this is CLEARLY a balloon from the dollar store. Or a bird. Or both! -half of this sub.

Just do something already so we can move on from hating each other all the time.

The hearing was so exciting, I fell asleep.

It also reminds me of that story about the family with the kid who found the metal orb... And it rolled around the house and followed the kid I think... Anyone remember the story? I'm trying to find a link. I think it was called The Betz mystery sphere. Edit: found it! Story below. The analysis concluded in 2012 claims it's just a ball check valve that fell off a scrap artists vehicle. How interesting. "On March 27, 1974, the Betz family investigated a small brush fire near their residence in Ft. George Island, Florida.[2] The family of three, Antoine, Jerri, and son Terry, came across a small metal sphere the size of a bowling ball. Their first thought was the sphere had been a cannonball left from New World conquistadors. They decided to take the sphere back to their house.[3] Several days later, Terry was playing the guitar in their home. The sphere seemed to react to the sound of the guitar. It made a throbbing noise. Later, the sphere was noticed to roll on its own and even stop on its own and change direction. Terry started doing experiments with the sphere. He noticed the sphere would reverberate when hit with a hammer. He also found the sphere would move after being shaken and placed on the ground.[4] The Betzes reported that the sphere moved on its own several times, and that it would follow people around the house seemingly on its own. Eventually, they stored the sphere in a trunk, and only took it out to show friends and family."

the way it not only flies but also kind of slides around back and forth is interesting. it's one thing to go straight but to also just effortlessly "turn" like that is pretty bizarre

Obviously china balloon... ;) Next...

So much for the "puddle of water" morons.

If this is legitimate, then it just goes to show how difficult it is to catch UAP's with a conventional mobile or a camera. We can kind see that the orb had passed quite a few individuals and I bet very few have managed to spot it on time let alone had the opportunity to take out one of their hand held devices with image capturing capability to share it with the world.

Does anybody remember that video from like 2008 of this little drone that could provide thrust in any direction? Like in the video it thrusted itself into the air, moved left and right, up and down, and then dropped into a net? Grainy footage, I think from MIT or something. I wonder if this is just that but perfected.

Wish the operator could’ve locked it up with the camera but that’s pretty cool footage

Was there any evidence offered that this object is propelling itself rather than moving with the wind?

Remember that the sr71 was built in 1964 and wasn’t publicly disclosed until 1990. Remember that the DOD stood up an entirely new branch of service, space force, and has been nearly entirely silent about its activities. Remember that at least 10% of the $770 billion dollar US defense budget is for undisclosed covert projects. The logical inference is that the military/intelligence apparatus is probably routinely operating virtually unimaginable technology.

Way to slow to be any kind of projectile.

Nice aperitif, more please. I am freaking hungry

I've seen balloons move that quickly in the wind, and that seems to be the right size and shape. Unless we get a better image that is likely a balloon.

Is it traveling or falling ?

SLOW AND FLACCID DISCLOSURE.. lol We need more of these type of videos that are high quality and long.

Could they have made the video lower resolution. Seriously?

It's alien technology. Plain and simple. That is why we can not identify it. The sooner people accept it, the sooner we can advance.

My roomie thinks it looks like a fly 😩😂

It's like they forgot to turn the cursor off in the simulation

Really getting sick of just seeing the same old shit. It’s always a video of some kind of orb/balloon looking thing with poor quality. These aliens are kinda shitty if all they’re going to do is fly around their drones. Like you came this fuckin far and you’re NOT gonna say anything to us? Just survey shit? Do they need resources? Why have they not tried for resources? And if they have tried for resources (such as mining quarry’s or farms) why do we have no video of that - it seems more likely we’d see that due to its size compared to a small orb flying in the sky. I believe we are not alone in the universe. However it’s insulting to think that a species capable of crossing vast distances to reach us would simply survey.

I’m not great at physics, can someone help me better understand why we wouldn’t think this was man made?

Who was filming this and from where?

Nowadays, you never really know what you can trust. Just keep an open mind and be aware of such things. It could be real, it could be fake. I guess we’ll all find out sooner or later.

This time its totally aliens!

This makes me wonder how many types of drones our "Visitors" might have.

If it’s conflict zone related it would be interesting to compare it to the orbs and phantoms over Ukraine

Kirkpatrick --> Hynek from AliExpress

I guess my question is will we be wiped out or uplifted?

Now that is a UAP!

Lol all the ones they are showing us are going to be the ones they use to manipulate and guide the story to where they want it to be

cool. now have it deliver me food and stuff in real time. no excuses.

Need a PGA camera operator

Theory I've been proposing. We already have AGI and it's scanning the world to destroy humanity. I mean it's 99% likely not the case but just ponder that for a moment.AGI could be playing tricks on our world and we would never see it coming.

Do you know who is narrating this video? Sound like John Kirby

It's only a propulsionless sphere from this camera perspective. Who knows what it would look like up close, or from below. This is an interesting piece of footage, though.

The longest free throw shot in the history of the world

Its the football that Uncle Rico threw over them mountains

haha it’s kinda cute!! just like a little guy, what’s he gotta go so fast for?

Why can't this just be some intelligence gathering object? Actually wondering.

Eat your fucking heart out, Neil degrasse Tyson

Ok. 10000% we have now at least 3-5 videos out in the real world that have REAL, ACTUAL proof that some shit is going on. We 100% have small metallic orbs flying around at HIGH speeds in multiple locations that are caught on film. Not CGI, not some fake setup, 100%. Real. The realtor video the guy caught from his drone, the video that pilot released about a week ago, this particular video. They all show the exact same thing so we know at the very least, these orbs are real and actually flying around. Could they be man made? Sure, but if they are we have some crazy technology that has not been disclosed and it is very unlikely that these are from any human intelligence so the logical conclusion is that there is other lifeforms of intelligence either sharing our own earth or travelling to earth. This is just the start of hopefully some more serious discussions and REAL proof that people will need to expand their worldview to an intergalactic view and really put into perspective our place in the universe.

If they have this they have HUNDREDS more

The real drones are the redditors that usually rush to type “balloon” on every video posted here but lap it up when the government posts a video. It’s like they can’t think independently.

[https://youtu.be/Ubw1O6vLsi0](https://youtu.be/Ubw1O6vLsi0) &#x200B; there is another video of super high quality that captures a high speed moving object around some canyon can't find it right now but ill keep looking and post if i see it found it: https://youtu.be/nvpQpK7PVYk

Wow...!!! A cery convincing video. I mean if THIS is not a proof for ufos, then idk...

OK so... One thing I notice is how much the camera *appears* to tilt in order to track the object. And the ground seems to be moving super fast which must mean the object is moving at the same speed right? Except, if the object was closer to the camera, that would explain how it would struggle to keep it in frame while making the ground appear to be moving fast. That means, the object can actually be moving a lot slower than it looks. I just tried this with my phone and a super unscientific test, but yes, the background moves faster when you're following an object close to the lens. I think it's just a balloon, moving at a regular speed. We're just thrown off due to the wonky perspective and lack of depth of vision. e: I read a lot of posts suggesting alien surveillance drones, but why would advanced tech need to surveil at a far lower altitude than our old tech.

Who has the video of the saucer ejecting an orb? The article on Gizmodo did not have the video

UAPs like this always have a weird quality that makes them seem they are not actually "here". It is like they are existing in a plane that is separate from ours and overlaid on top. Almost like we are apart of their space and they are not moving within ours. Hard to explain what I mean but it's always caught my attention.

[go to 14:48 for an explanation of this](https://youtu.be/M5KdZTIkljM) It's just the way the zoom of the camera has an affect on a falling object

Someone please explain the parallax thing to me, I am not getting it I guess. If you have a slower moving object and a high altitude object filming it, the speed of the higher object would make the lower object seem to move faster. Ok.. I get that. I don't get how it flies over multiple home, streets and fields in 17 seconds. If were moving say.. a few MPH, parallax would make it seem very small very quickly, right? It looks the same size throughout, and it doesn't look like the camera is zooming in to make it bigger, ground objects remain the same size throughout. It certainly would not look like it was flying over anything.. because it hasn't. So what are people suggesting.. it is incredibly windy and parallax combined? Hmm.. sus. Especially as it doesn't waver. Objects on the wind tend to move with the wind, which rarely moves in a straight line. If someone who understand parallax better than I apparently do could explain it, I would appreciate it!

Reminds me of those mapping drones from Prometheus

r/killthecameraman (He's too dangerous to be left alive!!)

I posted in a different thread, but is this thing big enough to host a human pilot or is the sphere small and flying remotely?

Orb is on its way to be pondered.

Hey everyone, wags here from Eagle Dynamics. Today we're going to be looking at the UFO patch introduced in DCS version 420.69

Did they say how fast this was going?

Something something phantasm

foo fighters

Convince me it's not a mylar balloon close to the jet so it looks like it's moving a lot faster than a larger object would be.

That's a balloon

Wheres the rest of the video?

The fact that this is color footage coming from the Pentagon (albeit at Potato-80p), is HUGE progress. But as the peeps on this thread have already said, they're probably sitting on much better footage at a much higher resolution...and I'm sure there are ways to make them public without compromising national security. Here's hoping there's much more to come🤞🏽

Is there any indication of the size of the object?

what is this for real?

Perhaps the balls shape shift into the manta ray shape we saw last week, idk if they are enar the same mass or size and ive never really looked into the claims of shape shifting ufos but a cool lil idea to toss out there , Tldr ufos change shape and the different shapes of ufos perform different jobs or perform them in specific ways , maybe round ball for fast move manta ray to slowly hover etc

I saw two things that looked just like that flying in a formation (one in the lead, the other following, same speed and direction and altitude) very slowly into thin clouds and disappearing a few weeks ago.

u/redditspeedbot 0.1x

ramiel's tiny, spherical cousin

Where did it go, did they lost track of it?

US military may not want to disclose a new weapon so may classify it as UAP. Alternatively if it is in Syria, it could be anything from Turkish, Russian, Iranian, or Israeli arsenals All of these countries have undisclosed weapons, Russians being less likely looking at the Ukrainian war Although I have to admit, none of the weapons we had seen in recent drone footage from real wars has this shape.

I saw something like this while flying to Philly from Seattle. It was about 35 minutes before landing, so the plane was in descent but still above the clouds. I like to look down at the clouds when I fly, and while looking down I saw a smooth orb zipping across my field of vision. It was considerably lower than the plane I was on, so I can’t really tell you the size of it. But it was definitely a smooth round thing that was moving very fast through the air that day.

Nice, another moving smudge

So what am I looking at here? Am I supposed to believe this is extraterrestrial?

That is clearly a phantasm ball.

The more I see this types of videos , the less likely I believe that these are aliens, this is starting too look more like man made advanced technology .

It’s a drobe

I’m starting to wonder if we do actually have the tech to make these objects and are way closer to some blade runner type dystopian future world than we think.

I’ve seen one of those before

Wow…speechless, well at least commentless…wow. Not sure why but wow

It looks kind of small. Is that just the perspective of the video or would that object be on the small side?

Inb4 they are just firing old school pirate cannons at each other

Children's party down the block.

Dammit the Trisolarian’s droplet is already here…

Video fidelity and format made me think I was massing out on a sick AC-130 game for the GBA.

Is there any estimate of how big this object is?

I'm sorry i don'tcome here often. Everyone is so hyped up about this. But I don't get it. What is weird exactly about this video? This is some falling object? Perspective stays the same throughout the video. Given the zoom in it is some object falling down in the distance shot with moving camera? It has no gravity defying characteristics

Nobody gonna say anything about it flying right past Bigfoot in the top left corner? Ok...

An unfolded sophon

Thats the Japanese spy ballon its small and stealthy like a ninja

So that’s where my Fushigi went!

The Emperor has no clothes...

Anyone have the video of the sport model saucer shitting out one of these spheres?

Drones drones and more drones.

This will be really embarrassing if an adversary state is behind it lol

Wow… look at it go! This is insane

These things are coming right from earth..maybe inner earth

I make one. "Land of the lost" joke (referring to Mick West), and it gets downvoted, LMAO

A ball just flying around, no visible means of propulsion. At least they have the courtesy not to directly interfere in our societies. They just like to watch. Occasionally abduct people for reasons.

Well seems like I have seen this video before and I'm thinking its in Afghanistan, cause all you see sparse is walled compounds and sand.

[removed]

How does a post like this get less traction than some obviously fake crap that’s been posted here

u/vredditshare

Saw the same object in 1974 skimming a mountainside just a few feet off the ground in Southern California.

The most interesting thing to me that I haven’t seen anyone notice is the people in the video at the beginning. The woman looks like she quickly moves inside the house just at about the same time one of the two “men” quickly closes distance with the other “man” as if to be like “LOOK at that!” Or “watch out!”

It’s another Festo Manta Balloon

What’s more interesting is what on the ground we’re they spying on.

It looks as though the location would be a logical place for information gathering to be pursued - by whom is the question. Certainly our military would be interested.

I saw a legion of those one early morning around 2017. Those orbs becomes invisible in a blink of an eye. They appeared to me one day, hovered for half a minute and became invisible the next.

Shit. This looks EXACTLY like what I saw when riding a plane a few years back. I was staring out the window and a metallic sphere shot up thought the clouds in a clean arc and disappeared. It happened so fast (a couple seconds) I had no time to take a photo. I kept telling myself there was some explanation (satellite, some machine to gather weather data, something practical that I didn't know of) but never found the answer. I always had it in the back of my mind that it might be a UFO. But it was exactly like this. Wow.

Is it moving too fast to be a balloon? Doesn’t seem to be turning at all

I somewhat fear a massive drone invasion

At first I was mehhh about this object. Because it could be a balloon by a lot of other folks standards. Just seems to be Cruisin pretty fast. Only thing is there are no crazy maneuvers it makes. Some folks are saying it’s a drone annnd since when have we had spherical drones. Whole thing is a 50/50 for me.

If you don't mind me asking, does anyone know how big the UAP is? And has anyone thought of the correlation between these UAPs and the Betz sphere? The UAP look a bit bigger though

**THIS IS WHAT I SAW [IN NYC!!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/113qs64/small_block_orbs/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=2&utm_term=1)** For what it’s worth, I’m not big into UFO stuff. I believe we aren’t alone because how bleak and pretentious to believe we are, but I’m also totally spooked at the prospect of being visited by extraterrestrials. But this was sooo unusual.

Is it too fast to be a balloon? It appears to just be floating in a straight line?

Kill it with 🔥

Never had one of those!

Old fashioned cannon ball

I have a feeling we’re going to get lots of “visitors” now, and there’s nothing we can do about it. Our space force wants to annihilate them, not understand them, it seems. I don’t even like to imagine what could happen if our military is hostile towards them. And most people either don’t know or don’t believe we’re getting visitors from outer space. So, if our military pisses them off, our whole planet of people could probably all be wiped out in one fell swoop! We don’t know what kind of weaponry they have, but we know they could exterminate us like a bunch of cockroaches and still preserve the land. Just look at Mars. It appears that it had big cities, buildings, homes, water in lakes, ponds and streams, and now it appears to have been wiped out by nuclear weaponry, destroying everything and ruining the planet, maybe thousands of years ago. So, how far do you think the aliens have advanced since then? But I don’t think they’d wipe out the Earth; just us “hostile” people. It’s really stupid that we’re kept in the dark by our own govt and military, except for those wonderful whistleblowers! Without them we’d know even less than we know now. I hope they keep coming forward and telling us what’s going on.

I.guess this is a flying swamp turd...just thinking out loud here

Wait till yall find out these are spirits and not actual ships

There's probably something after this rather clever simulation we inhabit. Otherwise, there would be no point in creating the simulation for consciousness to reside in. By that I mean, our 5 senses are simulations of our own mind, touch is impossible, sight, hearing, taste and smell are simulations of our own minds subjective to the species, not objective reality. (I can dissect this claim with more detail if you want). I really do believe we inhabit a very clever simulation, and that consciousness is not confined to the brain, body and central nervous system. Your Grandfather probably has more knowledge about life on other planets, and in other galaxies, and in other universes than you could ever dream off in this 3rd dimension you currently reside in. He's probably smiling to himself thinking, I can't wait till Tyler sees all this. ;-)

Feel you. Just lost grandpa last October Fuckin sucks.. Gets to live on through us tho. Have good one!

Mom died dec 2021. We were all about it for a while. Used to star gaze when I was kid in the 90s. Thats when we saw our first "wtf was that?" object. We both saw it and looked at each other ~~bedazzled~~ bewildered. Made sure we both saw it. She didn't care as much about the navy videos and the increase in skepticism. I'll just say MAGA got ahold of her. So everything was fake. Really hope we find out before my time here is up. That's the one thing I want to know in life. Is there anyone else?

I had the same connection with my grandfather. He was and engineer and now I am as well. I actually see this the opposite way; we are witnessing interdimensional technology in real time while our forefathers guide us in the afterlife. I believe grandfather enjoys "feeling" your happiness as you learn about this new technology - just from the other side of the fence. Sorry I can't really explain this well.

I have a similar thing with my grandma. It hurts

Yes, i love to show videos like this to my ignorant friend, who whould not even blieve in ufos, if greys would land in his yard and abduct him. Even if Im an ufo enthusiast, im still very sceptic with videos, especially in this reddit. I work with CGI for a long time now and can call out almost any of em (there are just some things in CGI which are very difficult to make, like the proper lightning, or fast moving objects IF the camera also follows it. In the sky its easy, but ground is a whole other level because the object would always move slighty with the camera since the object is edited into the video). But this one is absolutely authentic. Nothing at all speaks for CGI. The source of it and everything else speaks even absolutely against CGI. This video is a gem for the UFO community. We see a damn flying metal ball with fast speed, no wings and no propulsion. What kind of crazy tech this must be... how do they fit all that anti gravity tech into that small bowling ball...

Cheers friend. 💚 here's to the ones that went before us.

Siriusdisclosure.com/evidence

I wish Art Bell was still alive for this. And for COVID.

As a huge skeptic I just wanna say I'm sorry for your loss and hopefully something comes out of all this new UAP stuff coming out. I'm sure if full disclosure ever happens it will blow the minds of believers and skeptics alike.

They had an entire hearing before the public one and they reserved *those* questions for the public hearing. I am incredibly disappointed.

Never expect more from these people.

What happened in puerto rico

> I was expecting more from the Senate lol, seriously...?

what do you expect from corrupt government pawns?

Also looks like the [Navy 2021 Flyby UAP released by the DoD](https://youtu.be/OJlyCL1NrjI)

Also looks like the object recovered in the republic of Chad by the DIA Edit: here's a post I made with some pictures of these things https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/11a26go/have_these_just_always_been_here/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button And here's the docs the guy below shared a link to. https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/1131yt0/orbs_taken_down_and_retrieved_by_moon_dust/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=2&utm_term=1 Here's the republic of chad document https://documents2.theblackvault.com/documents/dia/moondust-oct1970-chad.pdf Glad some interest is being taken so I can see other folks perspectives. I was banned from the other mainstream sub posting the one with documents. Not really sure what to make of that.....

My first thought was the Betz sphere.

https://youtu.be/DD9r-eZmYWI This Puerto Rico infrared drug interdiction video is one of the only videos that has me questioning reality. I know it’s man made but just from the video it looks to have no control surfaces, no thrust, and go between water and air, and then seems to split into two. Edit: The video I watched stated it was from a infrared camera from the Puerto Rican drug enforcement team. The man made part is my own opinion based off the fact that no scientific agency has stated life capable of developing advanced flight systems has been found outside of Earthly origins. Since I’m getting downvotes. Hoping to clear confusion. Edit 2: When I say agency what I mean is… Mathew O’Dowd, Phil Plait, Gabe Perez-Gib, Brain Greene, Sean M. Carrol, among a few others. I personally put my faith in their high education and trust their judgment after years of reading, listening, learning from them. Sorry for the confusion.

No this is obviously a Sentinel used by the Tall man for a variety of nefarious activities. https://youtu.be/7p4ZsYYU5Cc

He wouldn’t we see it…

Why are all the videos and images in this subreddit so blurry? We know the military/gov have the best cameras technology has to offer. And yet they release such low quality videos? Well, bc its all propaganda. The military's bound to catch a few eyes testing their spy planes/balloons and whatever gadgets, and to distract us they feed into the conspiracy theory; keep us busy while they continue to test whatever. Like honestly, if advanced aliens/civilization thats capable of traveling lightspeed from solar system to solar system really existed, then WHY TF would they visit us? lol We are not that special and the world certainly doesnt revolve around us! Seriously, its scientifically impossible to see a moving object traveling at the speed of light with our own two eyes! It would be literally a ghost particle! Just my two cents.

This seems relevant- https://reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/10s15he/author_patrick_jackson_proposes_orbs_part_of_a/

And the Nick Mariana’s Montana Film…. We’ve known about these since the Robertson Panel

I just wish they asked more questions, they literally brought in the witnesses of them shutting down nuclear missile silos and their questions are "Do you need more support?". While granted those are important questions they should've said that in the private hearing for god's sake.

Remember a few years back when the tic tac shaped UFO footage was released? It's pretty much been confirmed that it was an actual object and not just some artifacting as every armchair creditic sighted back in the day. Because recently it was disclosed that in 2021 Sentient detected "Tic Tac" like objects. What is Sentient? Sentient was created by the NRO national reconnaissance office to control our spy satellites it's an automated program aka an AI. [https://www.theblackvault.com/documentarchive/highly-classified-nro-system-captures-possible-tic-tac-object-in-2021/](https://www.theblackvault.com/documentarchive/highly-classified-nro-system-captures-possible-tic-tac-object-in-2021/) This was all disclosed thanks to the Freedom of Information act. But most of the details were still left out we just got the scraps.

Seeing something that looks weird, isn't super blurry, isn't just floating around, isn't just a light in the distance and actually moves quickly is much more fun.

Me too and I'm still thinking it's all made up to cover up something else / divert media attention.

I'm not a negative Nancy but I do highly question a lot of the videos and photos that come out. I imagine there are people out there who have a hobby of making alien drones to freak people out. You just never know. I know nothing about this particular video but I do have my doubts.

Gotta slow drip society - it's all part of the plan.

when I saw this I thought, well here's the exact thing people in this sub always say never gets posted, so here it is so now what?

It can still be a balloon. We need something like this where we catch it doing a hard 90 degree turn.

Of course they're going to show video of objects in foreign territory just so they don't have to come out and explicitly say "We have no idea what this crap is flying through our own airspace unimpeded,"-- they can make it look like other countries' problems/issues. Still, you'd think that the press would jump on this and there will be tons of articles and news segments about the most powerful military on Earth basically shrugging and going "I dunno," right? Right?

Holy shit was the first thought that crossed my mind too.

Remember when everyone was trying to debunk it as a puddle? Definitely not a puddle…

Did they say when the event happened?

Do you have second video?

Great find! Thx! But **where** did you find it? Link? Is the other video (of the "phantom-like UAP") also there?

This looks exactly like the jubilee airshow orb. [https://www.reddit.com/r/HighStrangeness/comments/v4fi69/orb\_of\_light\_ufo\_passes\_by\_during\_air\_show\_for/](https://www.reddit.com/r/HighStrangeness/comments/v4fi69/orb_of_light_ufo_passes_by_during_air_show_for/)

It can be a drone with its top covered with semisphere to hide the payload.

> There are no indications as to what this object could be. Except that it looks exactly like a helium balloon blowing in the wind...

Looks to be just a balloon: https://www.bellingcat.com/news/2023/10/24/isnt-that-a-balloon-deflating-a-dod-ufo-video/

Woooohooooo!! got it!!

I am asking this in good faith as a skeptic. What is interesting about this video? It's a spherical object moving in what appears to be a straight line. It does literally nothing interesting. Impossible to tell distance, size, or speed. Speed of the object or speed of the aircraft filming it. I must be missing something here. I'm not saying I know what it is or anything but I don't understand the numerous "holy shit" comments on what appears to be mostly boring footage.

Odd choice of words for a skeptic.

I'm also a skeptic but unfortunately this just looks like an object falling. The camera zoomed in makes the background look closer, causing the object to look like it's travelling horizontally rather than vertically.

[deleted]

Its just CGI

You're not a skeptic then.

It’s a balloon

A really hopeful skeptic. I'm skeptical that you know what 'skeptic' means.

Clearly too fast to be explained as a balloon. You could calculate a rough speed estimate from the ground distance being covered.

[removed]

[removed]

Yea i’m sorry but anyone who says they know what this is has their head so far up their ass. How is it possible for a metal sphere to fly like this? The implications of it being over a war zone are also disturbing.

The deeper I get over the years, the more I believe this boils down to a physics problem. We don’t understand enough of our reality and the surrounding realities. As Weinstein calls it, post-Einsteinian physics. We are observing something that is observing us. The rational train of thought is to imagine that they travel through our perceived reality (or dimensions) to get to us, which is space-time. But what if there are other realities that exist aside from space-time. Imagine an intelligence that has evolved from pure consciousness over billions of years and exists outside of our known framework, poking its head into different times whenever it wants. Space-time engineers. An amorphous hive mind that exists outside of our universe, with the ability to manifest physical, technological, appendages that study the lesser dimensions. I like to imagine that, if a life form evolves long enough under the right conditions, it reaches a singularity where biology, consciousness, and technology intertwine. Then continues to evolve. The known universe is old. Pure speculation but the deeper you get the crazier and harder to understand this becomes.

I think I saw something similar at my nephews birthday party.

Def an ai probe bro.

Thank you for your comment. It's the only one in this thread that points out how amazing the tech must be. Every other comment is someone whining. Or being ironic. Or sarcastic.

My thought is the sensor ability is integrated into the exterior of the object (full 360 degrees in the relevant local EM/vibratory spectrums) and AI or some sort of quasi-consciousness operates it. I assume the inside space is mostly reserved for power generation and propulsion technology.

I can't imagine a human-made missile hitting that. Nor bullets doing any damage

I wish I could be this imaginative based off looking at some random blurry 5sec footage

> Just a ball that small not only capable of defy gravity, Man you must be really impressed by balloons and bubbles

Something like this could just be an advanced drone. Nothing really too special about it.

No. Are two different sightings. The object is basically the same, but different footage in different locations. Red rooftops and green patches in the other. I bet these things are some kind of surveillance drone and are everywhere, mostly in conflict zones.

Mosul orb (corbell) was 2016, this one was 2022

> Jeremy Corbell released a photo of and everyone shit on him for it I believe you are confused... people start shitting on him as soon as he opens his mouth, what he talks about is irrelevant.

Yes, I believe he originally released a still photo from the video.

No, this is a different incident. Jeremy comments on it [here](https://twitter.com/JeremyCorbell/status/1648744599102590976). The video does appear to show something similar, however. > For those asking - the METALLIC ORB UAP video used in demonstration today at the UFO hearing by Dr. Kirkpatrick is NOT the MOSUL ORB video. > MOSUL ORB was filmed in 2016 / this new video is from 2022. > "UAP characteristics and behavior consistent with other 'metallic orb' observations in the region" >Why not release the MOSUL ORB video @DoD_AARO?

Is there a link to the other video?

It has to be a poplar!

They’re having crisis talks with the “it’s a water reflection” community

No need, that's actually a Chinese lantern.

Can't wait for the UFO community to see yet another obvious balloon video and claim it's an alien orb... oh wait.

What about this spherical object that is floating along a straight line shows it’s not a balloon? Do we know what direction the wind was blowing so we can tell that it isn’t just floating along with the wind?

I’m just waiting for one to show physics defying manoeuvrability before I remove my disbelief.

I mean, balloons can be round, so case closed? <snickering/>

there is an actual community dedicated to saying UFOs are balloons?

Ok, if it were a balloon. Let's say it's 2 feet across. And let's assume the viewing angle is somewhere around 45 degrees. The object seems to cross about 20 times its width in 1 second. (times sqrt of 2 for the viewing angle). That puts its speed at around 36mph. Easily could be carried by the wind at that speed. If it's smaller than that, it could be moving even more slowly.

"Of the 366 that have been investigated, half were deemed unremarkable, 26 were likely drones, 163 were balloons and the remaining six were 'clutter'." I mean... even the DOD say most are balloons.

Why so cynical about it? Look, there's been a lot of videos posted that clearly look like a tethered balloon bobbing around. This is not a balloon. The government says it's not a balloon. Us skeptics are just as curious as you are.

Your kind of comment is as prevalent and as annoying as people just blindly claiming it as a balloon, an alien or anything taggable when we know absolutely nothing about it.

Or the parallax community 😂

I get the sentiment but as a member of the "balloon community" (also the uap/ufo community) what this object is doing is what many of the the other videos *aren't* doing. It's actually flying and being tracked by (military) equipment. It isn't just sitting there suspended in the air...like a balloon

Its clearly bokeh

[removed]

professional balloonist here. This is a balloon. Based on my advanced understanding in making balloons.

Don’t worry, Mick West is on his way to tell us it’s actually a seagull with a helium balloon tied to its back.

Hahahaha! Yup!

I'm sorry i don'tcome here often. Everyone is so hyped up about this. But I don't get it. What is weird exactly about this video? This is some falling object? Perspective stays the same throughout the video. Given the zoom in it is some object falling down in the distance shot with moving camera? It has no gravity defying characteristics

Its pretty good, but the ones released a few years ago were far and away the best ever. The spin top one, the pyramid floating and spinning above a navy ship seen through infrared, and the pill. All caught by military personnel. "Look at that thing!" I can't imagine the shit they have on file if THOSE were the videos they chose to release to quench peoples thirst for knowledge. They have SO much more.

Original clip probably ended when the object that was likely just falling hit the ground.

[removed]

Must have been filled with swamp gas

Oh they have it, but you get the trailer version.

Nothing unusual about it, my good man

... like a balloon? Again, idk if this is a balloon, but everybody is describing the video like it's some magical motion. > Tracking straight through the sky, without any discernable propulsion system. This is literally a description of balloons in a draft

It's falling, not travelling horizontally. [go to 14:48](https://youtu.be/M5KdZTIkljM) on this video, it shows what's happening.

Looks like it could be a balloon that only appears to be moving due to parallax. The fact that the plane filming is also moving could easily make it possible

Did they say how fast it was going

Right?? I had the same thought.

r/ProjectBlueBalls/ confirmed! :)

[David Childress would love this](https://youtu.be/WkbLe3oCGMc)

Yes. There’s a slide with more info of this in another post on this sub. The title of the slide reads: “Middle East, 2022. MQ-9 observed apparent spherical UAP via electro-optical sensors.” Based on the top right corner of the slide, this case is in the “active archive” and is categorized as unresolved.

Me too. I saw two a couple of years ago. The first one was lit up, crept in like a plane then STOPPED and pretended it was a star. As the sun set it went from glowing white to glowing red and then at dusk the light went out and it was just hovering there, clearly, a silver metal ball. Then a second one showed up and was moving all over like a laser pointer.I think we watched them for about 40 minutes.

I have told no one about it but about a decade ago I saw this like ferrofluid jellyfish looking thing that was a little over the size of a plane spawn out these tentacle looking things that shot out about 6 or so of these little balls that were metallic. They all shot off in different directions, the event lasted about 30 secs - 1 min in broad daylight, made 0 sound and disappeared. The things that shot out looked EXACTLY like these little balls that are showing up on these videos and its blowing my mind.

If moving in a straight line and reflecting in regular intervals it could be a satellite

> the size How can you tell what size it is?

The one I saw did a shifting thing left to right to left before completely flying off almost instantaneous, that was in Washington, Illinois around 2017-2018 but looks exactly like these metallic orbs

With the exception of my sighting being more black in appearance, I have too. No lights or anything, didn’t change shape or do anything weird, but the *zipping* along is exactly, exactly the same. It’s what made the whole thing so weird. It was broad daylight. I’m intentionally not engaging with the pro balloon people directly, bc believe it or not, I’m the dope who likes to watch balloons float away since it’s almost poetic. I like watching them dance around and I kind of root for them to make it out of the power lines and buildings and trees without bursting. I know this was not a balloon. However, I’m not remotely interested in debating the physics of this, since all I really have is a kind of lame firsthand experience when I stepping outside for a computer screen break from my job. If I had to describe the size, I’d say more of a shotput ball. Cannonball at most? Because it didn’t float, but was more _driven_, my memory associates it with something heftier. I would not have wanted to collide with that thing. But then again, I struggled to gauge the size because there was something so inconsistent with its speed with respect to where I perceived it to be in the sky. Do you know what I mean?

Hopefully with the discovery of AGI we get welcomed into the Galactic Federation.

Honestly, this is the first one I ever showed to my wife for this very reason. I asked her if she wanted to see a real UAP (UFO to her). She looked at it, said "Wow. Cooll." Then went back to watching Seinfield. SMH. :)

The drone is definitely not stationary that’s gimbal stabilization.

What screenshot? If you're referring to the Corbell one, that was a different incident in 2016. This one is 2022.

This is what we need from the skeptics!

When has Corbell realeased anything from miltary sources that has not been legit. This proves that anytime he realease something from military sources you can trust it is legit. Then it is up to debate what it is. But his sources can definatly be trusted, proven again today.

This isn’t from the same video https://i.imgur.com/Wg0YbKm.jpg

And so many people hate on him and mock him as a hipster, I hope they enjoy eating crow today.

If that’s true that’s crazy, I know you’re not the only one reporting seeing them in person

Crazy stuff. I also checked out the screen cap of the slide. I’m thinking “why are Platonic geometric shapes flying around above us?” It is really hard to get my head around. Shades of the Three Body Problem series.

The video ends, we dont know if they stopped.

I’m pretty sure they stopped tracking just to troll people on this sub /s

[deleted]

ball*oon* bearing

Ball bearing down on us from from unknown dimension, yes.

[deleted]

That's wild. How did y'all react, how did you feel about it?

Sort of agreed, but I think if it's a formally declassified piece of info we can regard it as real. W

sheesh that's a whole new conversation. AI is gonna be uncanny in the next 10 years. Strange times ahead.

I very rarely get excited by videos but when it comes straight from the government and it's in full color I am a happy man.

it is not zooming in since the first object is a house and then you see another house of the same size. Also the object does not move in a straight line as expected from an object falling vertically.

Looks like they can barely keep up with tracking it. I wonder what the rest of the video looks like.

because shooting something that is over domestic airspace is very different than shooting something that is over a foreign country.

While I get your point, most likely because this was over the ME and not the US.

He is furiously typing out an explanation as a mylar balloon with motion induced parallax launched by the ISIS R&D division.

Just a reminder. Mick West is a contributor and therefore Rule 1 protections are extended to him. Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

This subreddit is to toxic…

Yeah! Screw that guy for actually wanting real evidence! Shun the nonbeliever!

Hopefully this will get more people to ignore him and realize what he is. He has never sought to seek truth.

You should look at the dozens of people in the comments still calling it a balloon

They’re meeting with the parallax guys to formulate the perfect debunk

I saw something in the night sky a few years ago that I can't explain. I was visiting a friend who lives far out in the woods, so there was no light pollution. I was out having a smoke and enjoyed the clear night, just watching the stars.Then I saw one light that was moving. It had a slightly curved, downwards facing path. At first I thought it was a shooting star. But those burn up quickly. Satellites usually have much straighter paths and air crafts blink. This was just a steady light source. After watching it for half a minute or so it stopped. It was still shining just as bright and with a steady shine. It remained motionless for like 5-10 seconds, then darted across the night sky in incredible speed, going in a straight line. It never blinked, but what's even more strange is that it didn't accelerated. It went from 0 to inhuman speed in an instant. A few seconds later it was out of sight. No sound could be heard. I have no explanation for this. No human could have made something that moves like that with our current tech. It went from 0 to what must have been at least mach-5 in a fraction of a second. Still freaks me out thinking about it

I believe the object is just falling rather than travelling horizontally. The camera being zoomed in makes the background look closer compared to the object.

[deleted]

Got em again, Mick!

Wow wtf. That's intense 😳

It's falling, not travelling horizontally. [go to 14:48](https://youtu.be/M5KdZTIkljM) on this video, it shows what's happening.

I'm not a skeptic, but how is this not a drone?

Interesting! In the newly released video, it looks to me like the object has some kind of weird spin. It reminds me of another video which I've seen before. I'm going through comments to see if anybody else mentioned it, yours looks a lot like what I'm looking for. Found it and another similar one: (See linked comment) https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/ew9xdt/ufo_captured_by_pilot/fg0mvl5/ https://youtu.be/LJDN7iMqa6c Stabilized (see linked comment) https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/fubatr/does_anyone_have_a_clue_what_this_might_be_oc/fmdqvx6/

The leader of AATIP, the precursor of AARO, was brought to the pentagon to look at communication between a legionnaire and a legate(leader of a Roman legion) where they discussed a "flaming shield" following them from battlefield to battlefield.

Also Redditors: It's definitely a propulsionless spacecraft packed with every sensor and made from unobtainium

No detectable form of propulsion

Add the /s or you will be butchered.

Going a little fast for that though?

Yes. I was frustrated by the minimizing.

Seems like this is a really common type of ufo! 💯🙂

They wouldn't be able to see the reaper drone since it has the ability to loiter at 50,000 feet. They're probably reacting to the object whatever it is. Living in that environment seeing anything flying probably causes them to get scared regardless of intent.

That reaper is flying 40k+ feet above ground level. Those people can’t see that thing or hear it.

Then why does is go back and forth in the middle part of the vid?

[deleted]

How can the Pentagon make these assertions without the treasured and valued opinion of Mick West? We need his input before the Pentagon can say these are truly unidentified.

The comment section makes me think our education system is failing. A reaper drone would be totally useless if they couldn't hold a stable camera. They loiter for a reason. We killed Al Qaedas second in command because we had a reaper drone circling his house 24/7 for years, if it was moving fast it wouldn't have been able to hold a lock.

How far the goalposts have moved...

> just a flying metal ball he says, totally unable to show another example anywhere on the planet.

Kinda looks like, and behaves like, a balloon at altitude caught in a crosswind

This is the source video straight from congress

You can screenrecord it off of YouTube I’m assuming that’s what was done or pull it from a YouTube to mp4 converter after the video is done airing

Seems pretty consistent with a balloon but people really want to believe.

Fastest balloon ever

Balloons don't move that fast my guy... How many fucking weather balloons is the military releasing and following over active war zones???

They're writing their apology letter to Corbell 😁

The camera can hardly keep up with it wtf you talking about not moving fast lol

C'mon now.. this was taken by a Reaper drone. It has multiple sensors, cameras, and radar. You are looking at a single video. I guarantee they have a ton more data on this object alone. They are not opening a rare public hearing by showing videos of balloons.

If you truly believe they exist, then why get angry at people who wrongly don't believe they do? I subscribe to the ET hypothesis myself but I like Mick West. Seems like a smart dude, bringing an alternate perspective to this issue. Believers make themselves look petty and obnoxious when they complain about non-believers.

Where are you getting these numbers from? The telemetry is all blurred out. There is no height, speed or distance listed.

So you are what.. assuming they only watched this video and decided to take it as their opening video for a rare public hearing about UAP? A Reaper drone has multiple sensors, radar, and cameras. You are seeing a tiny fraction of the available data on this object. I'm sure they did their due diligence and did not foolishly open their presentation with the video of a balloon.

If the drone is at an elevation of 3 km and a stationary ball is at an elevation of 1 km, you need the motion of the drone to achieve 1 km of apparent motion in the background of the ball relative to the ground due to parallax. I'm just drawing a diagram here to help me visualize this. I'm just going to pick the starting angle of the camera being 30 degrees down from the horizontal. To achieve 1000 meters of apparent motion on the ground behind the object from the perspective of the drone, the drone would need to move 2000 meters horizontally, in the direction of the object. 2000 meters in 17 seconds is 261 mph. Here's the diagram: [https://i.imgur.com/TEF1WIa.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/TEF1WIa.jpg). The key result we're looking for is `c`

This was a serious question.

I hope you are wrong, nothing intelligent about that dot, nope look away /s

Post an example of a spherical small propeller drone that is fully metallic, please.

It was going Mach 2

I love how they know this as a fact seeing only a video. While the Reaper drone has a bunch of sensors and radars. They collected a lot more info on this object than the simple video we are seeing.

Downvoted for asking a question. Classic reddit.

The first few seconds of the video the object shoots by a still camera. No parallax there. You can guesstimate speed and trajectory from the first few seconds.

Well, at the end it's first going in another direction from the beginning and then does a 90-degree turn at the end so ain't no parallax doing that.

Did you not see a completely still frame.. and then bam, something flys by. The “thing” was definitely moving fairly quickly.

>This video was taken by a MQ9 reaper drone. No to sound to facetious but I'm pretty sure we've got the apparent motion due to parallax down pat for a $32 Million dollar reaper drone meant for high altitude recon search and destroy operations especially considering the hearing is headed by the director of the A.A.R.O (All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office), Dr. Sean M. Kirkpatrick.

An interesting theory

Take some breaths between bong hits my man

are we just going to ignore first two seconds of video where camera is static and the sphere actually moves much faster than any kind of balloon?

The thing is this is the reaper drone does slow circles, that's how military drones work. They don't move at constant speed unless they're going to a new location. They loiter for hours in the same spot monitoring an area. There's no way this is parallax, the balloon crosses over different buildings, if this was a jet that'd be a different conversation but this is a drone for reconnaissance.

Im sure the dozens of scientists and analysts totally forgot what a balloon was before calling it unidentified.

Clearly a mylar balloon that's stationary with the motion caused by a parallax illusion /s

Well give AARO a call, I'm sure they would appreciate your expertise

You know better than 36 trained scientists and intelligence officers? Ok let’s get you to bed

Call the Pentagon. Tell those fools you cracked it.

[deleted]

Ah yes, the team of 36 analysts, scientists, etc called this unidentified because its *clearly* a balloon. Great analysis.

Please show us your math I need to know

I suppose Dr. Kirkpatrick could be a team player and purposefully beclowning himself by showing Senators a mylar balloon that they can't ID. I doubt that though.

When a team of 36 scientists/analysts from AARO cannot positively identify it and its the main object that they categorize when taking reports then no I don't think its a balloon. It seems like you've figured out what it is though Redditor, those scientists and analysts know nothing compared to the mind of a single Redditor!

That's not how a reaper drone works. It loiters at 50,000 feet. A balloon would gain altitude, this object maintained altitude. Yes you would be able to tell if it was gaining altitude with a drone because the drone is at a constant altitude.

I highly doubt it. You know they captured a lot more data than we are seeing (no matter what they say). The Reaper is stock full of sensors and radars of several types. If they chose this as their opening video, I am pretty sure they did not open with a balloon. And that balloon would have to be booking very quickly... in a straight line.. without wobble or anything to indicate a balloon.

Maybe they don't wish to draw attention to themselves.

Do you really think they only have this video? A Reaper drone has a multitude of sensors. I don't think they would show this if there was a chance of it being a balloon. There is probably quite a bit more data on this object we are not seeing.

Also calculated the same stationary object would be around 18-24 inches. I'm in team balloon.

Real talk. They may not be coming from great distance though

If you don't understand the significance of there potentially being a NHI on Earth that's on you. While you're concerned over Hollywood movies the USG is concerned about Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena operating over our air space, in our seas, and in space.

The military can’t figure out what it is but you cracked the case in record time. Congrats

We can clearly tell it is not parallax here though, what's under the object is constantly changing and the drone has to recalibrate to track it once it moves too far away.

The drone is stationary - can't you see that at the beginning watching people walk around??

Do you not understand how a drone works? It goes in a circle to maintain a target lock.

The Pentagon would totally declassify a video of a special access program despite being viewed by dozens of military intelligence analysts. Great guess.

Could be, my thought is that most of these small metallic crafts are ET drones, either that or DARPA

You don't think they'd notice that? Especially since it would have to hit the ground and some point. And what exactly would be dropping?

The leader of the All Domain Anomaly Resolution office [presented it at a public hearing today](https://www.armed-services.senate.gov/hearings/to-receive-testimony-on-the-mission-activities-oversight-and-budget-of-the-all-domain-anomaly-resolution-office).

Here is your video at 0.1x speed https://files.catbox.moe/uc809k.mp4 ^(I'm a bot  Summon with) ^"[/u/redditspeedbot](/u/redditspeedbot) ^<speed>" ^ [^(Complete Guide)](https://www.reddit.com/user/redditspeedbot/comments/eqdo8u/redditspeedbot_guide) ^ ^(Do report bugs) ^[here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=adityakrshnn&subject=RedditSpeedBot%20Issue) ^ [^(Keep me alive)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/redditspeedbot)

Hahahaha great timing I just finished the first book.

They estimate it to be between 1-4 meters but that is an estimate of all spherical objects encountered.

Maybe it's just falling object but it doesn't look like its falling, more so it looks like it's moving in one direction. A sphere object that moves without any aerodynamics known to us like in this video is what makes it intriguing

Glad to see other three body readers in the comments

No low effort posts or comments. Low Effort implies content which is low effort to consume, not low effort to produce. This generally includes: * Posts containing jokes, memes, and showerthoughts.* AI-generated content.* Posts of social media content without significant relevance.* Posts with incredible claims unsupported by evidence.* “Here’s my theory” posts without supporting evidence.* Short comments, and comments containing only emoji.* Summarily dismissive comments (e.g. “Swamp gas.”) without some contextual observations.

🤣

This made me smile 😊

I’d like to hear more of your thoughts if you have time to expand on that idea. I’m not opposed or dismissive of it and sometimes I wonder if that’s the case, but how would you counter the evolutionary standpoint of our consciousness being the natural byproduct of our senses that developed as survival mechanisms? If the theory of evolution is accurate, that would mean our tools for physical perception (the 5 senses) had a beneficial purpose probably for obvious reasons from an evolutionary point of view…if you follow that logic, you can assume that the 5 senses allowed us to interpret the world on a cognitive/biological level, which then expanded into our ability to analyze and perceive on a deeper level (basic intelligence) which finally allowed us to recognize a self…aka consciousness. I think your way of looking at this is way more ‘optimistic’ since it would guarantee something more being out there whereas the one I’m discussing is a lot bleaker as it would indicate a ‘nothingness’ to the meaning of our existence and that everything truly is just by chance…which is quite mind blowing as well if you think about it…anyways as you can imagine I should probably get some sleep lol

I miss my grandpa too. He went his whole life being called stupid by my grandmother. More tragically, he was just into things that my grandmother didn't even have a hope of understanding. For example, he was into packet radio (IP over ham radio) back when the consumer internet was very, very new and barely existed. He also had a gift for diagnosing car trouble. So he was always stupid to her, but in truth she was too narrow-minded to understand any of it.

Thank you, same ❤️

Thank you for sharing, hold on to those good memories ❤️ I hope so too, it feels like we can't possibly be alone.

RIP to your mom. Also, bewildered*. Unless you both looked at each other having just decorated, and personalized each other right after both seeing said WTF object. Which would be amazing!

I seen one of these orbs up close, 13 yrs ago. it was lit up like a star. 30 feet directly beneath it. I was 16. time was 2 am btw

MAGA is an incurable disease.

Cheers to that 🍻

Thanks, I know we'll all be equally shocked as a people the moment we learn we're not alone 😮

I'm surprised anyone would be disappointed, this hearing actually exceeded my incredibly low expectations.

I was wondering the same thing

Wtf is this thread? Did people not watch senators asking questions to tech companies? These people barely know how phones work. How could anyone expect any good questions?

"Hey Joe, find the worst video we have on UAP to show the peasants. Yes that is perfect."

The best evidence is evidence you cross reference with other events. Bravo.

All metallic round-ish balloons will look like shiny orbs from far away (or at low resolution because of a high relative speed and the camera not being able to capture an object moving that fast in high resolution).

I mean... just looks like they flew by some kids helium ballon that they fumbled...

They're trying to get us used to the little spheres before they drop flying saucers and tic-tacs on us, heh.

It also reminds me of the [The Betz Mystery sphere](https://youtu.be/OhBVWX0IkIk) which is funny because I just watched that episode of The Why Files last night. In the video he mentions that the sphere could move on it's own, responded to sound waves, had no seems or indicator of how it was created and the sphere had a scientifically unobtainable atomic number. I highly recommend checking it out.

Isn't that likely a fuel tank from a 1970 satellite re-entry? The Betz Balls don't have hemisphere welds or port holes, nor I doubt would melt as tests on the Betz Ball failed to effect it. Also the painting is simply depicting two creators with grand paint brushes creating everything in the earth - the land, the sea, the animals etc not sputnik style balls. Not trying to debunk but as a UFO junkie addicted to the topic the painting and telex just don't seem legit UFO related i.e. both definitely identified. 😊👍

Links anyone?

[removed]

You're spreading disinformation. It is neither confirmed (or even only likely) to be man-made nor was it "drug interdiction".

I know this will make me unpopular, but that one really looks like a bird to me. I admit it does prior to entering the water, but maybe that is due to poor video quality. It looks like a falcon dives into the water, grabs a fish, comes back out drops its fish. After it comes out of the water it even looks like it is flapping it’s wings to me.

Wait, what? I'm new to all of this but I've never heard of a UFO/UAP shutting down a nuclear missile silo or causing one to be shut down. Can you give me some sort of source for this?

Yeah I mean not to mention the fighter pilot giving testimony that he clearly saw the tic tac from his cockpit.

That article is poorly written and full of assumptions and no information. Did you even read the article??

But this is the US government. Not a random person. They would have to assign a person this task of making this footage.. for what purpose? To mess with people on Reddit? I just don't know why the USA would essentially release a "fake video" claiming that they don't know what these are, just to.. what? Throw off opposition?

And they're flying them in Mosul?

We need more releases like this. Longer, clearer videos. This is a good start. More data is the only answer

It is due to legal issues. In the hearing the director of AARO said they're only operating under Title 10, not Title 50. Title 10 refers to the US laws governing the military, 50 governs the intelligence community. Part of Title 10 is a general prohibition from gathering or using intel inside the United States. Exceptions are made for training or in very specific circumstances (FISA, search & rescue/disaster relief, etc). They need Title 50 authority to gather domestic intelligence. That's why all their intel comes from overseas or in training ranges. Source: I was in an intel squadron in the air force and we had to be familiar with these laws.

>"We have no idea what this crap is flying through our own airspace unimpeded," Didn't they pretty much say that though during the hearing? One of the people asking questions asked what our future response to these types of objects would be (referencing the cost of the sidewinder missiles used on those three UAP), saying almost verbatim what you said. That these objects ARE flying in our airspace, and will in the future. Sure the video they shared was foreign, but they very much did say that these were flying in our skies unimpeded.

Yeah, I've realized recently that a big part of the reluctance to admit they're here is because it would be the USAF, supposedly the world's premier air force, admitting that we're effectively cavemen throwing sticks at the uninvited visitors.

Pretty obvious The press does not work for the people any longer.

This is not the first time we see a video taken from a reaper drone, which look quite effective in capture these things. You don't have reaper drones flying over the US every day, so that could be some part of the reason why they are located in war areas.

Not that I disagree, but one thing to consider is they simply don't surveil like this in America unless it's extremely specific and limited in scope and even then very, very rare. Let me be clear. I 100% agree this is an airspace hazard issue everywhere.

teeny one disgusting steer adjoining decide test unused aromatic run ` this message was mass deleted/edited with redact.dev `

Color video from an official source of an orb zooming around without any apparent means of propulsion? Holy shit indeed. I can only imagine how many hours of high res, stable videos exist. They seem to only release slightly shaky short clips that leave juuuust enough room for plausible deniability.

Not me, guess I'm getting desensitized to this stuff. I'll say "holy shit" maybe when I see something with my own eyes but who knows.

Hah, never saw that but I believe it. It's so funny how the hard skeptics try to force their opinion of things to match the evidence, just as much as the true-believers find ways to make the ordinary extraordinary. One guy swears it has to be a time traveling interdimensional orb, and another guy swears it has to be a puddle because parallax and Chinese Laterns, and we're just over here wondering what it might actually be.

If you haven't totally tuned out these sort of debunks by this point please don't waste anymore brainpower on them. It's just people desperately trying to protect their belief system.

I believe the slide suggested it was taken in 2022 in the Middle East.

The second video was explained to be a plane.

During the [hearing](https://www.armed-services.senate.gov/hearings/to-receive-testimony-on-the-mission-activities-oversight-and-budget-of-the-all-domain-anomaly-resolution-office) today, they showed two videos, one they could explain and one they couldn't explain. This is the video of the object they couldn't explain.

that kinda looks like something that is startionary but appears to be moving because the camera filming is using a telelense and moving to the right, creating that parallax effect. The sphere is either behind or in front of the planes, we can't precise for sure how close to the planes but it being a telelense it could be hundreds of meters away. Can't really give my opinion on what I think the orb is, but from working with these lenses professionally I often see the visual effect that makes it look like it's moving really fast

That was balloon

Except the Air Force video seems very likely the movement is parallax effect. In this video does seem the movement can be explained as parallax.

Show me an example of that happening.

https://www.bellingcat.com/news/2023/10/24/isnt-that-a-balloon-deflating-a-dod-ufo-video/

I've never seen a balloon move that fast, especially over a warzone of all places.

It kinda of looks like the MQ9 Reaper Drones were struggling to stay on target with this object. That’s what I took from the video

[deleted]

It's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard, on par with swamp gas.

Check out the first three seconds when it passes over that building with people outside.

If it was a balloon on wouldn't they know right away? What would they gain in saying they don't know what this is and release the video in a Fucking UAP hearing.. You people are so dense

Balloon, drone, new defense tech.. you name it, they will call it what they want and it will be forgotten in 12 hours.

A perfectly round floating object without any signs of propulsion and it seems to move relative fast?I have seen many baloons here but this doesnt look like one.

A CGI balloon filled with digital swamp gas reflecting the light of a holographic venus.

Can you explain why you think this is an baloon?

Down voted? I think this comment is ment to be a joke. I laughed.

How? No way to tell how far it is from the ground so no way to calculate speed relative to the ground. Would also need data on the reaper's speed and distance relative to the scene.

On the slide it was shown to congress on, it said it showed no extraordinary characteristic smfh.

If it were a small-ish balloon, it could easily be going somewhere around 20 to 30mph. Seems like it could be carried by the wind at those speeds.

No it isn't. Goddamn. Considering the reaper is moving and this is likely a high zoom shot, this could in reality be moving the OPPOSITE direction of apparent motion and it would still look like this. Basically the same effect used for forced perspective like in the LOTR movies. The more video's that come out that look like balloons and the more I see people say things like "it's clearly not a balloon" to something that could easily be a balloon, I think maybe the whole UFO thing is a bit overblown. To this day the only footage I think really think shows ANYTHING kinda worth some more investigation is the Nimitz video. I'm not saying it is 100% a balloon, but saying you can totally rule it out is just silly.

Totally a mylar balloon, the speed illusion is due to parallax effect.

How fast is it going?

I keep thinking this are surveillance drones, and they collect data we can't even imagine.

It's hard to accept rationally this shit is just flying around our skies. So bizarre.

How do you know it's metal?

It’s not really hard to figure man. You unify general relativity and quantum mechanics and that opens up a whole new slue of possible technologies like anti gravity / faster than light travel. Remember, the Big Bang has to have a repulsive gravitational effect to set it off, and the universe expanded faster than light to reach its present size. The only way to understand these concepts is to unify GR & QM - through something like m-theory. Safe to say anyone who’s here has done it already.

Time Travel Drones recording the moments before The LAST War?

People said the same thing about ACTUAL aircraft like 150 years ago, you know, it not being possible and all that. Just because we average people don't understand how it could ever work doesn't mean that it couldn't. Definitely doesn't mean it's aliens, that's for damn sure.

Balloons float. Parallax from the movement of the observing drone recorded from a far distance with a low fov seems the perfect recipe for this sort of video.

It looks like an object falling down, I'm not saying it definitely is but that's a much more reasonable explanation

Hypothetically, not that I believe this is the case, but couldn’t one take a drone, put a metal sphere around it (say to do something with anti-jamming, again no idea how that shit works) and leave the bottom open so air can flow?

I hope you don't believe that sphere was a work of extraterrestrials lol

What war zone is this?

My money remains on higher dimensionality. If I stuck my finger in a fish tank, the fish would wonder at the fish without fins, floating through the tank. Here we are, wondering at the sphere with no motors, moving through the tank. Just because we can't perceive the dimension where the motive force originates. We're like fish wondering at a fingernail.

We are on the same boat pal. I basically think the same. The *material* world is just a fraction on the actual cosmos. Perhaps that 95% that we know is there, but we can't detect nor explain. Top notch physicist are claiming that the space-time model is exhausted, dead. If we want to keep progressing, we need to start looking beyond that. It will turn out that what we used to call *paranormal* is actually the base reality. And what we call reality, is just a construct. Hope we get to see that, but I have no doubt about it.

I saw physicist Brian Greene speak recently and one of the questions was “what do you think happened before the Big Bang - nothing, or something?” He said he thinks it’s more likely there was something else in existence before the Big Bang. Another universe. He didn’t talk too much about parallel universes or dimensions but it was briefly touched on. At this point, I’m open to all of it. We know a lot but we also know nothing.

So, it’s a TARDIS

Well maybe some of them are manned or drones being piloted by ai or a being, and maybe some just orbit at a low altitude to gather any amount of data to send somewhere. Maybe those are mindless and easy to take out.

Should I feel flattered or insulted?

What impress me the most is the people willing to waste their time in things they don't believe just to get a delusional feeling of superiority. You know, two things are infinite in the universe...

The propulsion system alone is notable.

I was thinking drone at first too, but how would a metallic sphere fly like that on its own with no visible means of propulsion?

So I read on this sub a few months ago someone had a pretty good theory that tied these orbs to places known to be haunted and how the orbs in a lot of photos and videos seem to show them destroying the more cigar shaped UAPs. The paranormal activity is caused by the orbs as they are trying to clear people from the area in order to transmit data or something along those lines and the transmission is harmful. Could be a load of croak, but it was interesting to say the least.

I agree they are drones, but I think if they were owned/operated by a known state actor, this would still be undisclosed and under wraps. I think this is the evolution/reveal of the Corporate Deep State's abilities. Hence why USAF and other relevant public facing entities cannot admit they dont know what they are. They do, and they dont have authorization to do anything about them.

The slide says 2022, but Kirkpatrick says "some years ago".

these are two different events.

The other links didn't work for me for some reason. &#x200B; edit: they do now, links are at the bottom of that webpage

Flying water balloon

cow slimy unpack fade exultant fuzzy crawl cobweb yam marry ` this message was mass deleted/edited with redact.dev `

Filled with swamp gas* Get your facts straight, mister.

Exactly. I'm not even saying it's 100% a balloon. I just would like someone to point to a single fact about this case that definitively makes this object NOT a balloon. Because as far as I can tell, every observable effect in the above video could be satisfied by a reflective balloon traveling on the wind. And again, I feel like I have to state I'm NOT definitively stating this is a balloon. Sad I have to say this twice, but if I don't, someone will say I'm just a close-minded denier who can't stand the thought of having their world-view shattered by aliens.

Very much so, yes.

[deleted]

You guys crack me up. Which is more likely 1) a global conspiracy to hide the presence of aliens 2) people misidentifying common and mundane things like birds, bats and balloons as "mysterious unidentified objects that appear to break the laws of physics" because they don't understand perspective?

Just like a there's a community dedicated to calling commercial available reactional balloons being from out of this world

Reaper drone is moving too though

The government did not say that the object in this video is not a balloon. They said they cannot conclusively determine what it is because there's not much data to work off of.

If that drone isn't stationary, why wouldn't parallax + balloon explain that? genuine question, I'd like to rule it out as much as anyone.

This video is from a drone, without knowing the drone's position and velocity we can't know the object's velocity. It isn't necessarily flying

Yes, the Pentagon thought it would be a good idea to show congress at a UAP hearing an easily identifiable balloon. I can't tell if you're serious or just trolling though.

[deleted]

To you, sure.

link to those vids plz

They should really start investigating my gas if they want a powerful expell....ehh nevermind.

Coming never to a theatre near you...

Of course it’s a fucking balloon, but be prepared to get downvoted to hell for stating the obvious.

[removed]

I don't know for sure, but using a terminal velocity calculator I don't think a metal sphere can fall at speeds such as mach 2 (1534mph).

in the video, the voice over says "this is essentially all the data we have on this event from *several years ago*"

Jamaica Plain, MA, 2014, saw something just like this. Came over me in an ellipsoid eye shape, right over my face as I lay on a roof, then shifted shapes on the way “out” to look exactly like a passenger airplane looks from the ground. Too creepy. A few nights ago I saw floating glowing dots popping around my apartment. Wtf is going on?

How far away were they? Crazy story.

They haven’t said anything about shooting them down but I’m sure they’ve tried. Yeah I don’t believe it’s human tech.

So a satellite is orbiting below a reaper drone that needs propulsion to maintain lift?

I saw this from a quarter of a mile away tops for 30-60 seconds on an absolute beautiful bluebird day. No doubt about it. The way it reflected the light was identical.

For once, I agree with the UFO crowd: The chance of this being a satellite is less than the chance of it being a grey-mantis-lizard-alien-zeta-reticuli-Bob Lazar-AI-Plutonians-Krombopolus Michael-bot.

[removed]

I can see where you’re going. The one I saw I was close enough to give an accurate estimate I think. The video I just perceive it to be about the same size (about the size of 1-2 basketballs) as the one I saw idk. In the video it looks like it’s pretty close to the ground but looks quite small on the landscape below. I realize that’s not a scientific answer.

Humans use a bunch of monocular and binocular depth and distance cues to estimate size at distance. We’re pretty good at it (to a point)

I think a lot of people get through life by not considering difficult questions. Most of my friends and family are like this.

Yeah my family is pretty much like whatever. They just said they’ve clocked metallic orbs traveling Mach 2 and you’re not intrigued?

Yeah. For how much shit he gets from the people in the outside, I’d say he’s helping moving the questions forward. Yes, he can be extremely annoying and the Lazar documentary has a thing or two that looks super shady but I don’t understand why people go for these opened vendettas. I guess that’s how internet works, you’re all in for or totally against. Black or white. With decades of secrets to unveil, the strangeness of the phenomenon itself, this binary mindset is absolutely lame as fuck. Makes you understand why disclosure is so hard to advance when hordes of people are loosing their shit because they ass mad this guy or this other guy is saying this or that. Don’t engage with it if you don’t like it. Okay, sorry. I love you guys. Don’t get mad. Chill out and trust the process.

Yeah I know. Sorry, if it wasn’t clear. But it does look really similar, no?

I've hated on the guy quite a bit in the past but I've warmed up to him. Whether people like it or not, he's moved the field forward more than they'll ever give him credit for. That being said, he is absolutely still a hipster.

Care to venture a guess on what mundane item could remotely move like that?

We’ll a reaper or mq9 drone is what we refer to as a “murder kill drone “ it mission is to loiter until a target has a positive id and drop a nice them sized missile on the so getting distracted by anything could literally be the difference of life and death.

Makes sense. Especially the part where they then went to a senate subcommittee meeting, showed the mundane video as the meeting was being live-streamed to the world, and said “we don’t know what this is.”

Keep coping buddy

The more likely explanation is that they were here for ISR, not to chase an orb around. While it is intriguing they are ultimately on station for a mission and that mission almost certainly involves having peoples lives on the line. I spent many years in US Naval Aviation and I've been in country. When you're on a mission you tend not to deviate from it.

Yeah just a regular old floating metallic orb that defies gravity

So this single orb shaped piece of shrapnel flew a ridiculous distance with zero other shrapnel surrounding it? That’s not how shrapnel works chief.

Yes, shrapnel typically forms perfect spheres…

You’re not playing devils advocate very well

If you're going to be devils advocate at least do a good job of it

[deleted]

At that height we should have seen it hit the ground if it were unpowered. Also it's moving way too slow.

For sure. My friend is not the most intelligent guy, but had told me he'd seen those things out there before. This area is between my house and his place. I kind of felt bad not taking him seriously. It was something you'd just have to see to understand. I studied astronomy and mathematics in college but I'm no expert in physics or speed perception. Those objects appeared to be out of the atmosphere within 2-3 seconds. And that's the best estimate I can come up with. He was happy to have someone validate what he'd seen for months/years.

Its just one big circle jerk of people who made up their minds already and dont like when someone types anything other than what they wanna hear, read and discuss. So like the rest of reddit.

Go ahead, finish the sentence: "This subreddit is to toxic...\[as a watermelon is to water?\]" Something like that?

Does he actually want evidence, though? People are critical of Mick West because his 'debunks' are low effort.

Naw hes a biased cherry picker on the tough cases, like Nimitz 2004. Its not hard to rack up debunking W's when 98% of all the posted stuff is pretty easy to explain. He stretches his desired explanations to fit for the more complex cases, which is not a trait of someone looking for the truth in an unbiased manner.

Personally, I did not jump to any conclusions, but thinking that the laughable bum armies of russia/china can produce anything like what the nimitz eye witnesses described or what is seen on the vid is more far fetched than thinking that it might be non-human craft/drone whatever. Have you looked at the chinese balloon that the US shot down? Literally, my mentally retarded 5 year old nephew can make a better looking balloon.

Oh it was.. it sort of breaks your brain in the moment. You just cant comprehend what your looking at, like it goes against everything you know.

[deleted]

The pilot’s video tracks with what I saw, except mine was black.

How big is this though? And what form of propulsion would a drone show? All we see is a metal orb going straight. Is it possible that the top is domed and the bottom has the propellers? And don’t get me wrong, I am a believer. But just curious how they are ruling out some type of very advanced drone. Like if you were to dump an insane amount of money on making the most insane drones possible, what would that look like? What would they be capable of?

Its a joke. It seems every remotely credible sighting gets chalked up to this.

Parallax. I don't see a shadow on the ground. Makes it hard to tell where it is relative to the objects on the ground. Could be a balloon a hundred feet up and between the reaper and the ground. Would appear to be going very fast relative to the background.

[Go to 14:48](https://youtu.be/M5KdZTIkljM) Try and tell me they don't look exactly the same

When I’m feeling down sometimes, I go and listen mick explain how Fravor got delusional from the parallax effect and he misinterpreted the Tic Tac encounter, it always makes my day better, seing that guy look at pixels on his screen

Right? Here you have DoD releasing videos of shit they cannot identify. They’re acknowledging UFOs for Christ sake. And based on this and other videos, it doesn’t appear to be anything anyone on earth can make. I mean, I get it… the govt knows more than they’re saying. But they’re almost literally saying “aliens are here.” Lol

They're not even on the playing field anymore.

It's just another example of what I keep saying. Nothing will make this sub happy. They could show us video of an UAP landing and then an alien stepping out and shaking hands with members of the public, and there would be someone here saying, "Fake! Aliens don't shake hands! this is all bullshit! Where's the really good stuff??"

Yeah I mean this guy has flying metal orbs all over his back yard, it's normal right

Yet the technology to spoof shape, radar signature, and heat exists. And also it appears like a flying metal ball, it could be a weapon, an optical illusion of a missile, it’s just not clear cut footage that will convince the outside public. That’s all I’m saying. Show me the clear cut HD footage , or the 23 minute video that changed people’s lives behind closed doors

Where did you download it?

Pretty much every time this sub pops up on my front page that’s how I feel. Comments are freaking out about how this is obvious evidence of aliens and every time it looks like something that’s easily explainable lmfao

Camera is moving too, no? Doesn't seem impossible

They also couldn’t figure out the pyramid video was an airplane. You know the one, some sailor playing around with a smartphone and a night-vision scope, filmed a flying object that appeared to be a triangle, with strobe lights that exactly matched the standard of human made navigation lights, and the stars in the background were also triangles, suggesting the aperture in the scope was triangular. The people assigned to investigate these are either idiots, or the military isn’t seriously interested in the subject. Or perhaps they know exactly what’s going on, and they sprinkle in a little disinfo to make people who believe in the phenomenon look like fools.

Forgive me for not trusting the United States military but if you buy into the idea of there having been frequent UFO-related psyops since the 1940s, it's best to take the evidence as it is without trusting the official line. The evidence shows a silvery sphere moving in a straight line, with no dramatic changes in speed or direction that couldn't just be attributed to wind.

I’m on the same page as you, just going. Off the video that’s why I’m saying it likely is not parallax

Look at it! Nothing on Earth can move like that. Wink wink.

Big stretch to call that metal with any certainty

He never said what its speed was. Where are you getting Mach 2 from?

[deleted]

The camera wasn't still. The ground was. The camera was moving while staying pointed at ta single point on the ground. Any still object closer to the camera than the ground will appear to be moving. I'm more interested in the size and reflection off the ball. I suspect we could use these features to determine if the object is falling or changing relative position to the camera. The original released frame had location information but I don't see it here.

Now that I've watched it a few times it is definitely getting harder to convince myself it could be parallax. I'll wait till an expert weighs in.

I don't see any turning, let alone a 90-degree turn.

First of all it's bs I got down voted for literally asking a question. But I guess that's par for the course on this sub. Secondly, I'm not sure I understand your response. You can't avoid parallax. However if your point was that Kirkpatrick should know if the object in question was moving or not, I absolutely beleive that he would. However I don't remember him mentioning one way or the other in the hearing. He simply showed the footage and moved on.

No it still works in the first shot, if the ufo is at 500 ft stationary and the aircraft is at 1000 moving at 150mph and its fixed on the stationary target on the ground the moving plane passing a stationary balloon it in-between itself and the ground it would appear to be moving when its not.

Its the mq9 reaper drone, It can fly up to 275mph. But even if it was going 150mph its still moving really quick. It doesn't hover in the same spot. So if somthing stationary passed between the ground and the moving plane it would appear to be moving when the cameras line of sight passed over it.

I don't see any extraordinary moves that cannot be explained as a human technological craft... Post other videos If you have

Ur right bro it’s clearly martians 👽

They probably already consider a balloon a possible explanation, but they can't for sure because there is not much data to go off of.

The balloon is somewhere between the ground and the camera. It looks like it's going fast (relative to the ground) because it is closer to the camera than the ground (EDIT: the object is closer to the camera than the ground is to the camera). It's impossible to say exactly how far away it is from the ground or camera because there doesn't appear to be a distance sensor included in this. But a balloon halfway between the camera and ground moving at speed S, will look like it's moving at speed 2S relative to the ground. This is the parallax effect.

They call it unidentified because they can't conclusively say it was a balloon because the data isn't good enough to be conclusive. But if it doesn't exhibit anything inconsistent with a balloon, that's a high probability possibility.

A object halfway between the camera and the ground, filmed by a stationary camera, moving at speed X, will look like it is moving at speed 2X relative to the ground. If the camera is also moving it can exaggerate this effect even more. In this case it is filmed from a moving camera. This object might just be moving like 10mph, but look like it's going 50mph+ because of parallax. The speed of the camera dn the distances to ground and the object are not provided, so it's not possible to give an definitive calculation. Which is probably part of why AARO decided to leave it as "unidentified".

There is no math. This is mindless debunking.

He was just showing an example of the kind of data their office has to work with. There's not much information available in this short video clip. No information about distances, no multiple angles of observation to judge speed by. So in their view they can't make a definitive conclusion and will leave it in the "unidentified" category. He did not say that the object in this video cannot be a balloon. Some people seem to be under the impression that he did.

Balloons don't always gain altitude. You know balloons come down / stop floating eventually, right? That's basic knowledge. Also if this drone is at 50,000 ft and the balloon is much lower, we wouldn't be able to tell from this angle if it were gaining or losing a few ft/s of altitude.

If you turn your sounds on, you'll hear "This is essentially all of the data we have associated with this event from some years ago."

Yeah man u know them super high speed balloons ? The ones a reaper drones camera cannot keep up with

if you actually watched the hearing, they can't figure out what a lot of these things are because there's not enough data. in this instance in particular kirkpatrick says it's gonna be virtually impossible to identify what's in this video, cuz that's literally all the data that exists on it. so yeah, could definitely just be a balloon \*shrug\*

nothing is clear from this short clip and i don't know where you get the confidence to say otherwise.

is it really thou? or is its viewpoint stabilised on those guys?

Just finished the 3rd one. You’re in for a ride mate !

If it was moving in one direction at high speed you would see perspective change in the background. However it is very small change in the video. Considering how background is moving up in the end we should have seen a ground from straight top down view but it doesn't happen. Object doesn't get bigger so its not moving towards the camera, which would have been true given direction. It's an object far away shot from camera that is moving at high speed giving parallax effect to the background - illusion of high speed object. So far as I can tell it's something falling down shot from the plane camera.

No problem, that was a respectful reply ;-) I'm not religious, nor atheist, nor agnostic. But I've been all 3 at different times in my life (in that order). Not sure what category I would fit into now (if any), I just have the opinion that existence is a very clever design, and that some form of intelligence is responsible for it. Reddit only allows so many characters, before which it won't allow me to post, so I'll condense it as much as possible. My guess (and it's only a guess) is that the Body, Brain and Central Nervous system your consciousness inhabits is just an Avatar, your Avatar itself... inhabiting a very clever simulation, some of which simulated by your own consciousness. I think of it this way... 1. Body, Brain and Central Nervous system = A Computer. The body being the base unit (like a PC tower), the peritoneum and ligaments like the motherboard the organs attach to, and the central nervous system being the connections and censors. The Brain is like the CPU, the heart is like the PSU etc.2. DNA = The code required to build the computer. DNA basically instructs amino acids to form amino chains, the chains are then strung together to build 3-dimensional functional protein molecules that become you and I.3. The Operator = That's you, and anyone else reading this. A computer is useless without an operating system. And a computer with an operating system is useless without an operator.4. The operator is your conscious soul. Consciousness 'is' your soul. I don't dispute Evolution at all, I know it's true. Despite it being classified as a theory, in scientific terms it's solid. 1. Scientific Hypothesis = Educated guess.2. Scientific Theory = Overwhelming evidence with nothing coming remotely close to disproving it.3. Scientific Law = Proven4. Gravity is a theory, but I don't see anyone willing to jump out a tall building in an attempt to prove the word theory is weak, do you?5. That’s because the word theory (in science) doesn’t mean what most people think it does. A theory in science isn’t really a guess, rather a carefully painstakingly researched, well-constructed, evidenced based story.6. Gravity is true. Evolution is true... it's just incomplete, neither theory is weakening, it's only strengthening overtime as human learn new things.7. Life comes before Evolution, and DNA comes before life. Evolution is what happens after life has begun. DNA is the most incredibly complex biological computer code in existence.8. Every word, letter, number, every piece of data humans have in existence, every invention, language, discovery, absolutely all information humans have… could fit into a single teaspoon of DNA.9. The odds of DNA forming by random chance is 1 in 10 to the power of 90,000. That’s a 1 with 90 thousand zeros on the end of it.10. The number of atoms in the universe is estimated to be between 10 to the power of 78 and 10 to the power of 82. That’s a 1 with only 78 zeros on the end of it, to a 1 with only 82 zeros on the end of it. Even if we assume it’s the higher estimate of 10 to the power of 82… that means there are not enough atoms in the universe to facilitate the mathematical odds of DNA forming by random chance… 10 to the power of 1 with 90 thousand zeros on the end of it.11. So even with the vastness of the universe with it’s 1 septillion stars and planets. (10 to the power of 24) … there are not enough atoms to mathematically facilitate the odds of DNA forming by random chance. Something intelligent did it. Doesn’t mean it’s a god, but it’s not by random chance. I'll continue this on the next reply, as I suspect it might be getting too long for reddit.

Nobody on this planet is stupid, we just all have different ideas that sometimes create conflict naturally. Peace forever to both of your grandparents.

Bewildered it is then rofl.

The one we seen was very far away. It appeared to be a star, then it suddenly shot downward (or whatever cardinal direction was down at the time, elevation didn't change, just the direction appeared down or away) and then to the right, then up, the back to its regular position forming a square pattern. Then it went to the center of that area and vanished. But it wasnt an instant vanish it looked like it went directly away from us and quickly dimmed out. So zooming away. Ive described the distance it traveled by extending your arm and put your thumb out, it was about 1 or 2 thumbs thickness in distance, but wayyyyyyyy up. And it was nearly instant from corner to corner. But the distance at that height is insane for that speed. And I've seen the space station flying over at night. The light was brighter than even the largest man made thing in orbit. And it (iss) was super slow, I'll never forget the speed that thing (the light) had.

I just wish they asked better questions. This footage is great, but it's under the veneer of "its probably foreign adversary technology" as they put it.

Imagine thinking ten years ago that we would be watching military footage of UFO in a public Senate hearing and discussing them as real objects. Then imagine that most UFO enthusiasts decide to either not notice or complain that it wasn't enough.

It's almost as if it's all just another look-we're-going-thru-the-motions charade. 🙄

I'm not a peasant... *Looks around nervously*

I’m just guessing but maybe a lot of the footage is like this one where it’s an accidental encounter. But who know expect those who control it all

Imagine stealing top youtube comment for thumbs

It's rather the other way around: all metallic orbs are easily misidentified as "balloons". What people are completely missing is, you need to *distinguish* explanations. Which means, you have to say, how does a "metallic sphere UFO" look **different** from a balloon?

When an American Reaper drone encounters an airborne object and the military says "we don't know what this is," that's the same as saying "this is not a balloon."

Also, if any of these things project any kind of field, it won't hug the contours of the spaceship like you'd see any most sci-fi, it will be a sphere or obloid.

Lol I knew I'll find this type of comment. Crazy how it's on the first comment.

Except the balloon was moving faster than the jet.

Why Files is top tier content

Also check out the Astonishing Legends podcast on the Betz Sphere. They talk to the family that found it.

Yep, it's one of the numerous other bits and pieces of circumstantial evidence pointing towards something foreign being in our skies for centuries. Edit: interesting that the harmonic waves from the guitar got the sphere moving Also didn't realize they had found it back in 74. Also, national enquirer catch and kill....hmmmm where have we heard of that before? .....weren't folks in Hillarys campaign gearing up for disclosure? ......didn't Trump have stuff caught and killed by the enquirer?......so many connections, not to mention trumps mastery of Blackmagic, the characters involved over the last century, and the odd resurgence of nazi bs Can we skip past all the boring ufo stuff and focus on the web that's making disclosure too...sticky...please?

Thank you for sharing, I just finished watching this episode of The Why Files, and I must admit, I have never heard about this channel or the Betz Sphere. This is amazing, and hopefully, one day, it resurfaces. But the main question is, what was the son smoking the day he left the sphere with strangers? I am sure he's haunted by that poor lapse in judgment to this day. I don'twant to call him stupid, but his lapse in judgment was very stupid! Thank you kindly for introducing me to The Why Files, I've already subscribed and will be watching from here on out. 🍻

I did not expect that goldfish to start talking...

The sphere was just a ball check valve that fell off the luggage rack of some artist that used the metal in their sculptures.

Im glad you posted that link. The only thing I remembered about this story was that he had it on the windowsill and he and his wife had sex in the same room, and the sphere did something. They didn't mention that in the WF story though.Also, what a fool to leave it somewhere. You just know whats going to happen.

I just watched it. Extremely interesting. I understand the gimbel video was also recorded just outside of Jacksonville

Why are there no videos or any other type of evidence of any of the claims about the bletz orb, and why is there no documentation of anyone analyzing the metal it's made out of? The fantastic claims you repeated a out it amount to nothing but hearsay. This isn't meant to be an attack on you in anyway- it just frustrated the hell out of me that all these kind of stories end up just being "some guy made these claims" and I have to wonder why none of it was actually documented. Like, if the orb responded to music and moved on it's own, WHY wouldn't someone just go demonstrate that in front of 50 people and some cameras?

This guy and Ben Shapiro definitely share some ancestors

Oh yeah! Thanks, I never connected the two for some reason... probably because they always play it down as a giant ball bearing or whatever. Maybe it's one of these that broke down or ran out of juice.

Thanks for sharing this! I had never heard of it and it's fascinating.

Astonishing legends has a 4 episode piece with interviews of a member of the Betz family. It’s really good

https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/1131yt0/orbs_taken_down_and_retrieved_by_moon_dust/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=2&utm_term=1

He's thinking of the duck ufo video on the Mexico us border

The video I watched stated it was from a infrared camera from the Puerto Rican drug enforcement team. The man made part is my own opinion based off the fact that no scientific agency has stated life capable of developing advanced flight systems has been found outside of Earthly origins.

For me personally, I’m open to everyone’s opinion. I’m not the end all be all or the grand poopaw with regards to knowledge. My senses have been fooled many times, so I value anyone’s insight. It might even allow me to see a perspective I’ve never been open too.

Watch this documentary, it'll get you up to speed. The Phenomenon (2020) https://m.imdb.com/title/tt13095604/

Look into 1962 Malmstrom incident and 1967 minor air base incident. Both similar accounts. Glowings disc hover over the facility for like 15 minutes and shutting down all the warheads which has like 3 failsafes. I think I got the years right. Close to that anyways. Robert salas has testified about the Malmstrom incident a number of times.

I was going to mention James Fox when I saw your question, but others are on it. Long and short of it is that many people in the military around the time of the cold War reported the active missile silos being shut down and activated individually, which is impossible by all accounts, and they reported flying craft outside of the silos that seemed to be indicating that they had complete control over our systems. This is verified and some of the most incredible evidence we have of the intentions of these beings.

Do yourself a favor and watch out of the blue of the phenomenon. They talk about this case in detail

This [video](https://youtu.be/VgziDyPSUog) goes over it. He has given testimony to AARO.

[book](https://ufohastings.com/book) [documentary](https://www.ufohastings.com/documentary) [broad strokes](https://www.popularmechanics.com/military/research/a43033115/pentagon-investigating-ufos-nuclear-warheads/)

That was the point of the meeting. They have only been open for business for 9 months. Get those resumes ready, they gonna be hiring soon, I reckon.

I for one welcome our new metallic sphere overlords and as a human I can help them in their mission of enslaving humanity.

Thank you for this very important information. This aspect of the UAP issue and the possible intersection with laws related to domestic intelligence gathering never occurred to me.

I was wondering what that meant. Thank you.

Yes, yes they did.

I know what I saw this year had to have been one of these. It was there for about 5-7 seconds and then zipped out of visibility range. I was driving on the highway and by the time I got my phone out to record, it was gone. It felt like it knew as soon as I had the intention to film it and disappeared.

This appears more probable to me every day. Is there perhaps a small group that has more info, maybe some crash material, and has been so compartmentalized and intentional in not allowing transparency? Very possible. It'd be almost as damaging if that were the case, *and we still effectively have no idea who or what is observing us/interacting with us*, after decades of research. If there's one thing the USG hates admitting more than "we fucked up", it's "we have no idea".

Are you a balloon? \[ \] Yes \[ \] No

After watching the Varghina doc I was finally convinced of ET life on this planet.. but seeing this song and dance about no proof of et makes me wonder. Do they lie that much? Do these guys involved actually have no clue? Or was the case not real? Sometimes it sucks loving this subject lol

While I agree this is the most probable, what if they do know what these things are and we have no defense against them? For whatever reason, we can’t fire on them? How do we handle that? I mean, look at the utter shit show of imbeciles in Congress. Do you want the turning this into a political football? “Democrats are weak because they won’t nuke the UAPs”?

It doesn’t even have to be advanced technology. A very large fighter jet would not be able to maneuver as well as a light small object with powerful thrust/propulsion. Not unlike advanced missiles with steering capabilities.

Never was going to given the dynamics of capitalism

"You don't have Reaper drones flying over the US every day" Yeah. I've got some bad news for you. There are definitely drones in US airspace every day. Some belong to alphabet agencies and many are operated by so-called private contractors for "research and development" purposes. You'd be surprised what hardware is aloft at any given time. I don't believe the orbs are ours, though.

Snowden essentially proved that wrong and is now a political prisoner because of it….

I believe 100% that we are not alone in this universe. However, the military has been flying their own 'UFOs' for quite a long time. How are we supposed to tell the difference between terrestrial and extraterrestrial? Even if a UAP landed in my front yard I would first want to know if it was military. Of course I would be scared out of my mind.

To be fair, it was a still image. People didn’t see this video and go “oh thats a puddle.” lol.

The orb picture was released by Corbell, I believe, so I understand people were sceptical. But this footage is interesting

I disagree. I’m a skeptic but my debunking efforts have nothing to do with a belief system. I just think process of elimination is the best way to narrow down cases, and running through possible explanations is a great way to kick off that process. And I agree with Kirkpatrick when he says most cases have mundane explanations to begin with. I don’t know why that thought process ruffles feathers and makes everyone think i’m scared of the aliens. I think thats a really short-sighted conclusion.

lmao the irony is fucking palpable.

One would say the exact same thing about believers. It’s just people desperately trying to protect their belief system. Clinging to eye witness testimony and ignoring everything else. Balloons become orbs and probes. Everything should begin by being skeptical of fantastic claims and then follow the evidence. Not start by assuming aliens then defending that belief system by attacking anyone who doesn’t agree.

Wow, so very recently. I can understand why they're baffled on it, but is this the only data point? Do they have more footage or tracking that they're not releasing right now? I find it hard to believe that the military has known about these for years and isn't *actively searching them out.* They act shocked when these happen but at this point it seems more than an anomaly or an outlier. What are these things, where did they come from, and how do they work? I hope we find out some day.

Wow this is fascinating honestly, can't wait to see what further developments come forward

Did you see the other videos? In your link. https://www.armed-services.senate.gov/download/south-asia-uap-1 And https://www.armed-services.senate.gov/download/south-asia-uap-2 There’s a third but the link doesn’t work or they stopped sharing

You were right

Meant to say the exact opposite, whoops. I meant the jubilee video looks like parallax where as the new video doesn’t seem like you could explain it away as parallax so easily. The sphere looks like it’s cookin pretty good.

Came here to say this, it seems like this sub has decided that it’s real and no one can offer any other opinions. Confirmation bias is real. Lolskis

Search spherical drone and you will see videos and products for sale.

Have you never been outside? That is not even that fast for a windy day.

It absolutely would change in size and it would be obvious if it was a falling object.

Okay I did, still looks like something falling.

It took literal years for them to admit go-fast's apparent motion was just parallax and it was likely a balloon. Besides, this is AARO. They already assume everything is alien. They never even consider mundane explanations. > What would they gain in saying they don't know what this is and release the video in a Fucking UAP hearing.. Literally keeping their gravy train going on this assignment. We still have people who refuse to admit that the "pyramid" UAPs filmed were just stars and a plane filmed with bokeh.

Presumably, all they have to go off of is this video. It seems like they can't say with 100% certainty what it is, so it's a UAP. Them saying they don't know what it is doesn't make it not a balloon.

You don't know if it moves fast or stands still. You have to realize that the camera carrier might be moving fast in space in any direction, camera might be moving at the same time trying to track objects, camera might be zooming in-out at the same time, camera carrier might be very far away while zoomed in a lot. There is a lot of possibilities to create an illusion of moving object for something that just floats.

it also changed direction which balloons are not very famous for.

[deleted]

"You're hired!" - CIA

It’s balloon shaped and there is no evidence that it isn’t a balloon.

Wind is strong it’s just blowing it fast + it’s not moving in any sudden directions gives it away.

It could literally be standing still while the reaper has to track it because the reaper is moving. People are so quick to jump to conclusions here...

Looks to me like it's clearly showing the 1st "observable": 1) Anti-gravity lift:Unlike any known aircraft, these objects have been sighted overcoming the earth’s gravity with no visible means of propulsion. They also lack any flight surfaces, such as wings.

A circular object moving at those speeds is pretty extraordinary. Also, it doesn't have to move in extraordinary ways for its origin to be extraordinary.

saving yer comment to stay sane

Thought I was taking crazy pills thinking it could just be a metallic balloon, lol. It doesn't exhibit any change of direction and stays at a constant rate of speed, all behavior we'd expect from something being carried by the wind near it's max altitude. Obviously some background information on height and windspeeds that day would help here, but I feel like rushing to call this thing a magical anti-gravity sphere is a bit much...

A mylar balloon... in Afghanistan?

Perfectly spherical Mylar balloons are exotic. Balloons moving in a perfectly linear (both space and time, meaning velocity) fashion are not compatible with physical laws. Question here is how much of that movement is due to parallax. The reaper drone will have had more info (like its own speed relative to ground, orientation, etc.) that would help.

I'm kind of a skeptic, but I gotta admit that reading the Three Body Problem series certainly gave me things to think about, in terms of what UFOs could be, if they're real. I wonder if the author of those books was into UFOs.

It would make sense considering that warzones are where the latest and greatest tech gets used first.

On the slide it says “UAP characteristics and behavior consistent with other metallic orb observations in the region.” Just going off the information provided.

There were Orbs named Foo Fighters while ww2

Yes great analogy!

This is a better analogy than I've seen in several 4th dimension youtube videos

Theoretical physicists have been trying to do that for ~50 years. They just haven’t come up with a satisfactory model yet. It doesn’t help that most of these theories are experimentally unfalsifiable.

We are at the breach of AGI, and you think a random alien spacecraft has a low AI system?

Flattered for sure. Most people lack an imagination

I’m just saying it’s not out of the realm of possibility that this is manmade

You can tell all that from a simple low res top down view of it?

I think OP is suggesting they’re alien surveillance drones. I’ve personally come to the same conclusion about UAP.

_whispers_ It wouldn't.

Maybe they're not here to merely observe. Maybe they're also here to nudge us into asking more questions like this.

This is an interesting video but you can’t see underneath the object to make such assumptions. It could be a drone with a dome top as far as you can see from this perspective.

We can see one angle of it. When they showed the video they said there's realistically no way to know that it is. It's one angle on a pretty low res camera.

It could be a regular old drone with a radar absorbing / masking mesh around it.

Air / gas. This could be some hybrid balloon/drone tech.

[removed]

Really? Never heard that, but there's this case, northern Argentina, where a big ship (600 feet) allegedly crash while being surrounded by small spherical ones, that then flew away. If you have the link let me know please. I'll look for it anyway.

Video has a completely different background. I really don't think they are the same.

Thanks. I didn’t know that.

Hmm I'm getting file not found on the Asia videos. Did you download it, can you upload it on here?

Just like clockwork, they appear.

Yeah I'm confused by this too - as far as I can tell that video shows something moving in a straight line, just as a balloon in the wind can. It looks like a metallic orb but then it's not obvious to me that a round metallic-looking balloon wouldn't appear similarly.

Reaper is tracking movement. It would be one hell of a shitty billion $ drone that is moving against a stationary balloon under parallax. We’d never hit a target.

a drone is in the air buildings are on the ground and the object is rapidly moving between the two what other explanation would you give?

They were showing an example of the type of data they have to work with. This short video clip in their opinion isn't enough data to make a strong conclusion about what it is. This doesn't mean it isn't a balloon. At no point did Kirkpatrick say it is not a balloon. They just can't be conclusive about it because there's not enough information.

The Pentagon didn't rule out the object being a balloon - they said they didn't know what it was.

One day this sub will make its mind up whether the govt 'obviously' is covering things up, or whether they're suddenly starting to publicly acknowledge underwhelming videos of floating blobs.

Wish people would just Google it. It's wild how many people on a ufo sub have never seen them. But since people won't just type in 4 words in Google, I'll type words in Google again. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auITEKd4sjA You can Google the pyramid one. If was filmed by a guy on a US navy ship.

> This is your shill account, right? IDK what your shilling, I am paid by Big Balloon, Mick West, and Steven Greenstreet to spread disinfo, duh. > but if you really, honestly, think that that is a balloon, you should book an MRI for your brain. Literacy my friend: "Again, idk if this is a balloon," In another comment, I asked: > I am asking this in good faith as a skeptic. What is interesting about this video? It's a spherical object moving in what appears to be a straight line. It does literally nothing interesting. Impossible to tell distance, size, or speed. Speed of the object or speed of the aircraft filming it. I must be missing something here. I'm not saying I know what it is or anything but I don't understand the numerous "holy shit" comments on what appears to be mostly boring footage.

Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

it's the mosul orb 2016

Over the summer we had a prop plane fly over us super loud then completely disappear as it was directly over us. We got the sensation it was a cloaked UFO. Last week we both saw what we thought was obviously a UFO then as it got closer one of us saw and heard a helicopter, the other saw and heard an airplane. Like, we both experienced different things. They definitely can cloak themselves...and I have been seeing those floating glowing dots for a year and a half. I thought it was just me and my gf at the house, but last week my boss at my night job told me she was seeing them there at the store. I was like actually, I see them too...

If I had to guess I would say about the height of a traffic helicopter. Probably medicine ball sized.About twenty minutes in a third object appeared. A smaller softball sized object was flashing rapidly and it seemed to be checking us out. It flew about 3 feet over the treetops nearest where we were standing. At first I thought it was a firefly but it was flashing white, not green, was significantly larger and moved left to right at about 15 mph over the tree tops...about two football field's length, then disappeared. I feel like they were related.

I was talking about the comment not the video lol

Oh okay. Wow wonder what that could have been

Oh I don’t think the one in the video is a satellite! I’m no skeptic or anything! I was giving a response to the comment here about an object moving in a straight line

In the original comment they didn’t mention large or round. I don’t know if any satellites that look like that no but I’m no expert on those lol

That's true but vague, I'd like some more specifics with respect to this video. Binocular depth perception is out right away, it's a video. What monocular cues do you see and how do you use them to estimate the size of the object?

I even went back (this all just happened in the last hour), and I explained about propulsion systems, FLIR, etc. This was in an attempt to validate that this is not just another anomalous video. I got nothing. But thanks for your support. EDIT: I know this was not FLIR, but I was showing another vid in FLIR.

Your average alien drone. Get with the program. They are everywhere.

Move in a straight line, as though carried by the wind? Lots of things, including balloons.

[deleted]

That's a great point. Could be a big problem.

Coping for what? Lmao

Shrapnel can be anything that was involved with the explosion

Cause that’s why it was brought up at a congressional briefing.

Ahaha I hope you accepted the "I told you so!"

that goes both ways. The people that say this is a balloon have also made up their minds and have not used any science to back their claims. You can even read a lot of the balloon replies here. None of them are backed with any evidence, and all of them are condescending like only their unproven made up ideas are valid. Its 1 side with unproven claims vs another side with unproven claims while that 2nd side blames the first for the exact same shit they are doing. You are a part of it as well.

Disagree. More often than not, he puts more effort into his work than just about everyone else, including most of the people at these UAP hearings.

They often seem to be low effort because the explanation is so simple.

Not much unexplained about the Nimitz case except eyewitness accounts, which are notoriously inaccurate. Is there a flaw in his analysis of the sensor info?

I'm laughing at this comment

You think spytech is more farfetched than aliens? Lol. If there was any sort of living beings anywhere in this solar system we'd already know about.

I saw nothing even remotely like yours, but I can relate to the brain breaking aspect. The way I tried to describe it before is that my brain kind of goes through different slides. Trying to sort it out. Like flashcards. Is it a bird? Ball? Plastic bag? Balloon? Thing very far away? Or close up?

I wasn’t sure if that would fly, but I found [this](https://www.designboom.com/technology/umbrella-drone-free-parasol-06-04-2018/) so yeah it’s possible.

I went to YouTube and typed in sphere drone and got lots of ball-shaped cage style drone results. If you covered the top half of these cage drones with sheet metal or foil it would look the same as the video. Battery powered drones don't really leave a contrail.

You don't think the government would of figured out if it was parallax?

The fact that every top comment is ignoring this very obvious explanation shows how wishful thinking takes over logic.

No, not even a little. A person in that shot would be much smaller than the trees which are quite small themselves. They would be dots. That is not the case in the video. They are focused on people on the ground, and the object is focused as well. A small object if at a great height and in focus means the objects on the ground would be out of focus, and that is not the case. Those trees are hardly in focus. Also the object in this video falls for 11 seconds. The one in the video is 17 seconds, an even greater height. And really.. they dropped a ball over the middle east for what.. giggles and laughs and to make a fake UAP video? Just proof that just because something resembles a thing, doesn't mean it's that thing. We already have posters SURE it is a balloon and parallax. And others SURE is a falling object. Goes to show you how easy it to mistake a thing for something else. Can't be both.

UFO literally means unidentified flying object. Until it is identified, it is a UFO. It does not specify that the object is of an extra terrestrial nature.

Except, Dr. Kirkpatrick literally said there's NO reason or evidence to think it isn't man-made tech.

I love how angry these people get when you don't think it's aliens too lol. Like they already dusted their shoulders off and sat back to admire their "checkmate" Too funny

> to make people who believe in the phenomenon look like fools. They tend to do that all by themselves. For instance, the person arguing with you (and a lot of other people) has based their entire argument on their imagination. They’re saying, “The pentagon *surely* has more data, and that data *obviously* tells us it’s an alien!” Claim 1: the pentagon has more data* Logical* No evidence, in fact, available evidence says they *don’t* have more data Claim 2: more data means aliens* Illogical* Also no evidence You can’t argue with dumb people who live within their imagination

They have more data. They were not just rolling a camera and that is it.

It's an even bigger stretch to call it a small propeller drone.

From the hearing although that could have been for the second object and or I misheard, sorry.

The opposite. It’s not a balloon. It was going Mach 2

There's a slight, maybe 10 or 15 degree one, but no crazy 90 degree turns. Even then it could just be that whatever drone circling it is causing it to seem like it's turning.

It does circles, if the object was stationary the background would not change that quickly.

It doesn't need to perform technological feats beyond what we have here to not be from here. I can show you another video but its on FLIR.

Did I say that? I’m just pointing out your opinion isn’t worth shit lol.

Sometimes all the data you need is the common sense.

[deleted]

Moving at those speeds is consistent with a balloon?

Yeah. True that. Similar to video from the last hearing. “My god ppl do you see what we have to work with! How am I supposed to provide proof of ET with this shit!”

They don't stop floating 20 feet in the air, that's basic knowledge. If the drone is at a constant altitude you would be able to tell if the balloon gained altitude, once again basic knowledge. They have a camera that can see the object, they can see gain in altitude as well.

Yea.. sure it is.

Yes, those people walking around below, are not moving from the camera's field of view - it is completely stationary until it moves to follow the object below.

Back to the senses. Lets break it down… 1.I’ll start with touch as I’m touching this keyboard to type this reply to you. Oops, no I’m not. Despite me seeing, feeling and hearing that I’m tapping these keys, all of it is a complete illusion of my own consciousness mind. How so? Well at the sub atomic particle level (meaning sub atom, smaller than an atom) inside the atom, there are Electrons… those electrons have negatively charged casings. So, the atoms inside my fingers, and the atoms inside the keys of this keyboard both contain electrons with negatively charged casings… think of a magnet, when you try to push two magnets of the same polarity together… what happens? They repel each other. Two poles of the same polarity repel each other. So, at the sub atomic particle level, nothing ever touches, this means touch is literally impossible. What we experience is our nerve endings detecting this repulsive force, which then go on to send signals to our \*consciousness\* which then simulates the illusion of touch using our physical brains, with our brains being part of the avatar our conscious soul inhabits. 2. Sight… I can see my fingers touching the keys, right? What is sight? Sight is the collection of Massless, Weightless, Colourless and Formless, invisible light photons by the retina of the eye. The retina then sends signals to my \*consciousness\* which them simulates the colour and form of what I’m looking at. Think of it this way… think of a room with a single table in the centre of it, on the table is a burning candle… what colour is the flame? You’re probably thinking yellow/amber. Now imagine you’re not in the room, a spider walks into the same room after you… what colour is the flame now? The spider see’s Green/Ultra violet. So who’s seeing/saw the true objective colour and form? You or the Spider? The answer is neither you, nor the spider… the flame has no colour or form until Consciousness simulates it. The light photons enter your retina, a signal is sent to your \*consciousness\* and that consciousness simulates the illusion of the colour and form you experience using your brain. Without consciousness, the brain can't simulate the illusion of sight. Consciousness is an essential component of the subjective simulation created by your own consciousness. The colour and form would not exist without consciousness existing first. It is a subjective illusion, not objective reality. 3.Hearing… I can hear my fingers tapping the keys, so it must be real right? What is sound? Soundwaves are completely silent. They make Zero sound. They are silent puffs of air. Without consciousness, sound does not exist. How so? If a tree falls in an empty forest, with no life around to hear it, does it make a sound? The answer is no, the tree falls completely silent in the empty forest. How so? The silent, invisible soundwaves have no consciousness present to simulate the illusion of sound. The silent, invisible sound waves enter the ear, they hit the basilar membrane, tiny hairs vibrate, sending an electrical signal to our consciousness, and our consciousness converts the signals from the totally silent, invisible soundwaves into the illusion of sound. So if the tree falls in an empty forrest with no conscious life around to hear it, the tree falls completely silently. Since sound does not objectively exist. 4.So, I’m not touching these keys, the sight of me touching these keys is nothing but a simulation of my own consciousness, as is the sound of my fingers striking the keys. It’s not real. It’s not objective reality, it’s subjective to the concious evolution of my species, subjective to this avatar my consciousness inhabits. Other species see, hear and feel what I think I’m experiencing totally different to me. But my reality is no more real than there’s. My reality, and your reality is a subjective illusion of our own consciousness. So what is real? The only thing that's real, is that our existence, and the existence of all living things, is a simulation, and a simulation can not happen without a simulator... an intelligence of some sort. 5.Smell and taste are simple… chemical reactions, again subjective to the species, not objective reality. In quantum mechanics… There is something called the observer effect, where the conscious observer appears to be able to influence the location of sub atomic particles simply be observing the experiment. And that the wave function breaks down only with the act of conscious measurement. It seems, the Universe is conscious, and we are part of its conscious existence. The Universe can’t exist in the form we subjectively simulate it, without the existence of our consciousness. And we can not exist without the existence of the Universal consciousness. The same goes for all other conscious living beings. And since our consciousness can influence the location of sub atomic particles which we believe to be separate to us, which we believe to be outside of us... then our consciousness probably isn't confined to our avatar... our brain body and central nervous system. It seems that consciousness is probably a form of energy that humans don't yet understand. If we consider Thermodynamics and the Law of the Conservation of Energy... in that "Energy can neither be created nor destroyed, however energy can change forms and move from one place to another, but the total energy in an isolated system remains constant." Then if consciousness is a form of energy inside a simulated reality, and that simulated reality has an intelligent simulator, an intelligence source... then consciousness can probably change forms, and move from one place to another... i.e, it's probably not confined to the Brain, Body and Central Nervous system. Nor is it simply the sum of the electrical signals sent through the Central Nervous System, since a dead brain can't simulate anything, consciousness must reside in the brain, or the CPU of the computer has no operator. The operator is somewhere else, since the brain, body and central nervous system is not an isolated system.

:) this made me smile, i'm gonna go eat some strawberries

It probably is or it’s USAF lol

Me too, if that’s the guise they want to put it under then the follow up question to their explanation should be which foreign adversary has metallic spheres surveying war zones?

"Come see the violence inherent in the system!"

Dammit I knew we were going t9 have a Python breakout after that. Scimitars and watery tarts everywhere

Peasants own their land…

[deleted]

If a metallic orb does not have anything about it that cannot eliminate the possibility that it is a balloon, then it's possible that it is a balloon and that needs to remain on the list of things it could be. I completely agree with your last sentence. And in my opinion this video doesn't show the object doing anything that is inconsistent with it being a balloon. So it's possible it's a balloon.

[removed]

No it isn't. You seem to be under the impression that American military technology and human drone operators are so advanced that there is never any situation where they can't completely accurately identify something. We also don't know what the drone operator or other people on the ground or in the drone control center in this case thought this object could be. All we know is that this video somehow ended up being sent to AARO by some unnamed person, with no additional data other than this short clip.

Possibly. Or it could be a round-ish shape to begin with, like many balloons are.

[Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJlyCL1NrjI) looks like they are simply *flying past the object* ***while it remains stationary***. You can see the rear view mirror in the final few frames of the video, showing that ***the plane is flying towards the object***. Not away from it.

I just discovered it like last week and I don’t know where it’s been or why it was just now recommended to me.

Hecklefish is top tier tuna!

The hollow moon vid one is pretty interesting. Also look into the magnetic pole shifts ep. That shit is scary

I’m ngl, it took me awhile to get used to the whole Heckel Fish thing, the cheesy side character really made it hard to watch but I realized the backseat commentary has its place; and the overall content and research of the videos shouldn’t be overshadowed by how much I loathe that fish. Why Files is a amazing YT channel.

Yeah, that was a charming video!

No sir, it is uncheck content. The information is presented well and mostly as fact, but if you are even slightly more than a layman in a subject, you’ll see just how wrong his facts are. It’s entertaining, but extremely misleading.

Why did it close down, funding?

Is that a podcast or something?

Yes - if anyone is looking for a deep dive on this story, this is the one.

I'm betting there was something left for the son in cash or trade that always goes undisclosed

It's like peering into a cult.

Get out of here with your FACTS and LOGIC lmao

[deleted]

but what about scientists saying so. The fact that you include the statement needing to come from an "agency" is fairly flawed imo.

Is Malmstrom the one where a UFO shot beams of light at a warhead during a launch?

1967 **Minot* AFB incident. One of my favourites and it doesn't get many mentions. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfHNUwOT0tI https://minotb52ufo.com/

Glad to help. It is certainly an odd issue because its an intersection of military, intelligence, law enforcement, and various other government agencies (FAA, DoE) that don't necessarily have mechanisms in place for how they should interact.

This is why whistleblowers can’t do a thing. They would be silenced for treason as intelligence gathered on extraterrestrials is an issue of national security if it’s done on US soil. Likely sent to Guantanamo Bay or the like or just simply disappear altogether.

Well written.. completely agree. It’s funny how them behaving this way simply reinforces how weak and dumb UAP are making the USAF - and by extension our whole civilization - look.

But they pose no danger except a small one for flight safety. But I am yet to hear about any mid-air crash with unidentified objects.

Which doc is that? Where can I see it?

Oh yeah don't worry, I've considered this possibility for sure. What if the reason they don't tell us about them is because they're bad actors, and are abducting people and killing animals, and maybe have worse intentions than that. And we're powerless to do anything about it. It's definitely in the top of my list of possible true natures of UAP, and I think we'd be remiss to not keep it there. I hope it's not the case, and that any society capable of working together enough to invent interstellar travel wouldn't be hostile, but we just have no idea. The thing we need to keep in mind when it comes to aliens, is that they're almost certainly going to be weirder and more inexplicable than we expect. Them looking at us, and or studying us, is probably akin to us shouting at an anthill knowing that almost everything we're presenting them with is far beyond anything they can begin to understand. And that's OK, we'll get there eventually. For now I'm just glad they haven't revealed themselves and killed us all, or made or slaves, or whatever. I've seen Battlefield Earth, I don't wanna be no man animal.

Your thought process is a terrible classifier. Meaning your thought process won't lead to you correctly discerning legitimate sightings from optical illusions. You can take any still image and construct an arbitrarily complicated sequence of events to reconstruct the photo via a mundane explanation. That in no way makes the explanation likely or true. Meanwhile let's ignore any whitness testimony or corroborating evidence. If a balloon exists in the shape of the object then the object is a balloon. Fool proof thinking.

All the examples are hollow, this is completely solid. I think you should defer to the judgment of 36 experts who undoubtedly combed over this video numerous times.

Nice try but this is clearly a Chinese lantern. You just need to look harder

In the middle east? You think someone has one of those out there, and our military wouldn't know that's what it was?

Fair. Potayto, potahto; UFO, stray ball from the Greek God’s game of table tennis on Mount Olympia. Lol, this is fun. Cheers mate.

Fair. Potayto, potahto; UFO, stray ball from the Greek God’s game of table tennis on Mount Olympia. Lol, this is fun. Cheers mate.

Downvote for having a brain

That is true, we need more data!

All of these are excellent questions and points. This video is consistent with something I witnessed about two years ago in NYC. A little spherical thing (two, but I noticed one first) just cruising. It was disorienting and hard to discern in the same way. Orb but moving straight and seemingly very quickly. In my case, it was black.

When in the video did it change direction?

Balloons change direction quite rapidly

[deleted]

Occam’s razor

Doesn’t the sphere have to be moving since the background is changing so much? For it to be stationary, it would have to be pretty high off the ground (I think anyway, could be wrong).

Also, the first slide with the stats had Mach 2 as the upper limit on velocity. This was also with no thermal exhaust. How is this possible with current tech?

Balloons float in the air and do not have visible means of propulsion or flight surfaces

It's obviously showing what you're saying. So why the hell does the slide containing the video say it exhibits no extraordinary characteristics?? Lol

How can you possibly tell that it’s “perfectly spherical” at that resolution?

I've been trying to read those books since last year. Better I get to it.

I've really tried three or four times to get into that book, and I don't know why, but I just can't get over the hump

The author of a famous sci-fi epic is most certain into UFOs

If you want some insight into what there might be just from a deduction stand point, read the culture novels - this thing looks an awful lot like an (alien) drone.

Eli5 three body problem?

How are Dario's teeth?

That's still a *description* though. They may have data behind the scenes that indicate it's metallic, but from what I am aware, he was lumping it under the broad category that is a common theme amongst witness descriptions. People describe it as metallic. It looks metallic. That doesn't mean it ***is*** metallic.

It reminds me of Carl Sagan’s explanation of the 4th dimension

I’m speaking in general about UAP. I’m not an expert on military stuff, except video, pretty knowledgeable there with 20 years of experience and I’ve got a friend that works at Axiom working in video guidance and machine learning systems. There are people that dismiss these as “just drones”, But it’s really curious that these phenomenon have range that can’t be explained. Even our best aircraft and drones need support in the form of fueling, service, nearby communication for control. The energy density required to propel these objects is several orders of magnitude higher than our current capacity which is also notable.

Why does it have to be aliens and not some kind of tech developed in secrecy here on earth? I think the latter is much more likely, considering that that has happened many times and hard proof of aliens has occurred exactly zero times.

Kind of just looks like a party balloon moving in a wind.

Looks metal though due to the reflection

This works even for things made of metal?

I’ll try to look later tonight and share it if I find it.

That happened to me initially until I tried just now. I put them on a google drive https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Gw0MKf-PL1ENXEUWU\_oJj7H2QykqKmK8?usp=share\_link

They’re designed to engage targets on the ground. This object is at altitude.

The video showing the parallax effect doesn't mean the drone's targeting system can't still hit the object if it wants to. The video is for humans. Any video of an object against a backdrop that is a significant distance away, where the object and/or the camera is moving, will have the parallax effect.

That’s exactly the set of conditions that would make the ground behind the object appear to move. That’s the parallax everyone talks about in these videos. Which absolutely could be the case here but we don’t really know

Yes, and I'm sure they're thinking it's an easily identifiable balloon.

It’s Schrödinger’s cover-up — Kirkpatrick is simultaneously suppressing evidence of UFOs while publishing videos of UFOs.

[deleted]

Yeah I perceived this sphere I saw to be about the size of a basketball myself. Maybe 2x bigger. I even got my binocs out and watched it drift up a mountainside then fade behind it out of view.

A straight, consistent, flat trajectory like this? I've never seen anything wind-borne move that consistently

No, just genuinely curious. I think it's moving very crazy. Fast, consistent, flat. For being an orb with nothing to stabilized it that is crazy

Same reason why fravor said they ignore most the stuff they see up there they’re not equipped or tasked to deal with any of it.

To be more obvious for you… there is a literal 0% chance the orb in this video is shrapnel.

[deleted]

Yes i tried to keep in general because i dont take any site with this topic. The information we see in the video points in no particular direction, so im hesitant to make conclusions, just like the presenter did in the hearing. I follow the evidence and not personal opinions from anyone. I dont care if corbell showed something similar and i dont care if mick west tweeted its a balloon. The video is an example of how shitty the information is, even for AARO, to me that was the whole point of this slide, to show how hard it is to identify these UAPs.

Oh, that's right. It was puppets or hippies in a VW van.

Mick West piggybacks off of comments made by the government in their disinformation campaign. Like today, Kilpatrick said that “all we have is this video evidence to go off”… He lied, and Mick ran with it. This was a US drone, they data from the drone itself, and secondary equipment they use to monitor the drones. Altitude, Wind direction, speed, etc. They know all of that, but yet Mick is calling it a balloon, because of parallax, as if none of the scientist and gov officials hadn’t taken that it account already! He gives me the impression that he actually works for them, and not really concerned about the actually truth.

[deleted]

You exactly prove my point. *Trained* eye witness observer reports are not to be outright discarded. It doesn't represent empirical evidence, but it does provide additional information and credible backstory to why the video didn't have a mundane explanation. What you and West argue is a form of cherry picking.

In a good way. ROFL

> If there was any sort of living beings anywhere in this solar system we'd already know about. It could be just unmanned probes of non-human origin. (same way we are sending robots to discover planets/moons of the solar system). btw, we have been discovering new species of animals continuously, despite the fact that our written history goes back thousands of years and we exist as homo sapiens for 200K+ years...also most of the oceans are unexplored (literally we mapped the moon more precisely than the bottom of our oceans).

not from this solar system. It's well mapped. If alien tech its from another solar system.

Word has it the object in the video was traveling upwards of Mach 2. Don't that's possible for a drone.

And what battery powered drone can almost outrun an MQ9 Reaper's camera? Look at how fast its moving across the ground

It wouldn’t fly

Cage style is the key word there. This object seems to be completely closed off. How could a closed off orb possibly fly like we see in the clip? The rotors need to provide lift somehow and if it’s completely enclosed then there would be no lift

Not to mention that the object in question does not appear to get any smaller as the time passes which would be the case if it was actually falling down. The only way the object could stay the same size while falling down would be if the camera was constantly zooming in which we can see that it's not the case.

And yet, if someone has this tech, they aren’t conquering the globe because…….. That’s the disconnect to me. If this was Chinas device, guess what, Taiwan is conquered in a day. If it’s Russia then most of Europe would be theirs. If it’s just some rich third party then they’d be the richest person the planet. Having these objects being man made gives significant problems to the world order.

Yet, they can’t explain how a manmade aircraft goes from 0 to Mach 2 in 1 second, without leaving a propulsion trail. Read between the lines.

So they say. Odd we don't get to see anything to suggest it's extraordinary. If it made a 90⁰ turn or something it would be interesting, this footage alone could easily just be a balloon. I'm a believer, but the US military's UFO evidence is always dependent on some undisclosed secondary sensor or observer for the extraordinary characteristics.

No the bigger stretch is calling it an alien prob lol

I re-watched that part. A few moments before he showed the slide with the metallic sphere, he showed a slide with a summary of all the data they have collected, and he mentions that they have seen objects move at up to Mach 2. So it must have been that.

Yes it would because the object and ground are both stationary but being filmed by the moving plane. Have you ever been in a car and looked out at a field and noticed the ground right next to you is moving faster than the tree line far away from you. That's what we could be seeing. The ufo appears to move because it's closer to the aircraft than the ground is.

It doesn’t take “36 trained scientists” to tell you that’s a ballon. You only need a brain.

If the object is between the camera and the ground, the object is closer to the camera than the ground is to the camera. This will lead to a parallax effect making the object look faster than it actually is. Maybe the way I phrased that sentence wasn't clear, and I should have phrased it differently (I've gone back added a clarification). I don't know how far the object is from the camera relative to how far the object is to the ground. The halfway point was just an example. No one can make an accurate determination of how far away it is, and thus cannot make an accurate determination of how fast it is going. But we can give examples of what the speed would be given a distance, and this can show that a balloon is a reasonable possibility.

If the object is halfway between the camera and ground and is moving at 20mph with the wind, it will look like it's moving at 40mph relative to the ground. This is the parallax effect. Relative distances of things matter, and the speed that the camera is moving also matters, and these factors can make the object look like it's moving much faster than it actually is. It's hard/impossible to tell the specifics from this video, which is probably why AARO doesn't want to make a conclusive statement, instead leaving it categorized as "unidentified". And assuming their criteria for categorization doesn't change, it will literally always be in the "unidentified" category, because there is simply not enough information available to make a more conclusive determination. But being categorized as unidentified doesn't mean it isn't a balloon. It could be entirely consistent with a balloon and still remain categorized as "unidentified".

They can stop floating at any altitude. But anyways you're too smart for me to talk to so I'm gonna quit wasting your time 👍🏻

put those first few frames on repeat and watch everything slightly shifting. looks like some stabilised auto focus hocus pocus.

"Help! Help! I'm being repressed."

*looks suprised*

I recommend you retrace your steps there and tell me, where exactly you believe my reasoning to go wrong. I suspect, you're the one in for a surprise.

No, you still process it incorrectly: You want to distinguish between classes of objects that you deem possible explanations *to begin with*. What you want is, to *exclude* such explanations given the data. What visual properties contradict a balloon and favor a UAP for instance? Or the other way around. *You need to do both*.

How would a balloon propel itself through the air that fast on its own though?

Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

Ooof, you must be fuckin furious then. Your tax dollars are going to pay for congress to look at pictures of balloons that your infinitely-rich armed forces couldn't identify. They shoulda just come to you, I bet you'd give them all the answers for free.

>All we know is that this video somehow ended up being sent to AARO by some unnamed person, with no additional data other than this short clip. You can’t start making up data points to prove your argument based on absolutely zero evidence. Well, I guess you can, but you shouldn’t. Here’s why: “For all we know this video was categorized by the Pentagon as UAP and was never intended to be leaked.”

I love hecklefish‼️

The moon ringing like a bell is wild.....is there a source for that claim? It's one of those ignored facts of life if there is and it's bullet proof

> entertaining, but extremely misleading This should be the tagline for this sub....

YouTube channel that drops new shows every Thursday night. Arguably the best YouTube channel out there. It's better than most content from History channel or Discovery.

You're also looking at a picture of a scan of a copy of a document and possibly polaroid that was created over 50 years ago. Im amazed it's as good quality as it is.

This is what I’ve been saying for years. It is very unlikely that the evolution of another species would conclude in the same manner that we have. There are so many processes that must happen before you arrive at this point. It’s not impossible, but it is unlikely in my opinion.

When I say agency what I mean is… Mathew O’Dowd, Phil Plait, Gabe Perez-Gib, Brain Greene, Sean M. Carrol, among a few others. I personally put my faith in their high education and trust their judgment after years of reading, listening, learning from them. Sorry for the confusion.

No Malmstrom is an air force base in great falls, Mt. Ik what you’re talking about and that’s one of the craziest eye witness testimonies I’ve ever heard tho.

Ducking auto correct. Robert Salas says AARO is planing on interviewing someone who witnessed Minot.

“Moment of Contact,” directed by James Fox. You can rent/buy it from lots of digital stores, but I recommend Vimeo, because Vimeo lets you download the movie file along with behind the scenes clips. Other platforms force you to watch the video (that you bought) on their app. Vimeo does streaming + downloading.

Stephen Hawking was an extraordinary human being and he said it's dangerous of us to attempt to make contact with other beings. He was probably right.

See it seems like your feathers are ruffled and I don’t get why. No where did i mention ignoring pilot testimony. And none of what you said means I’m protecting a “belief system” like you originally stated. I *do* think earth has been “visited.” So there’s really no belief system for me to be protecting. >If a balloon exists in the shape of an object then it must be a balloon Well, i mean at this point if the aliens *do* prefer to physically send ships into our atmosphere, then disguising them as dumb balloons would be genius. They *should* be flooding our atmosphere with balloons, if their preference is to actually have a physical presence here.

How do you infer that's its completely solid? We only get to see the view from top? BTW what do you think it is??

when it gets out of view the first time the camera moves straight down trying to follow it and when it re-enters view it's coming from a completely different direction. objects on the ground are good reference points to see what I mean.

This sub hates that it’s possible there are terrestrial explanations for UFOs. That doesn’t mean it can’t be aliens but there are “normal” explanations for these things.

If it was much closer to the drone than to the ground, it would appear to be moving very quickly relative to the ground.

Yet, they are incapable of going Mach 2. Whoops!

You can look at tone variations in pixels comprising the object. The video shows the object completely unchanging in appearance over longer stretches of time than a non-spherical balloon would. It's an interesting question is of course, with what precision you can make deductions. But in any case, a normal party balloon would look very different.

The first half of the second book gets a little weird and kind of boring with a sort of romance plot, but once you get past that it's pretty crazy.

I just finished the book a couple months ago, so it’s still somewhat fresh for me. What hump do you keep running into? I’m willing to bet it was one of the VR chapters where the protag is playing the *Three-Body* game.

Great novels!Yes, Iain M Banks is the man to read for some really great scfi drone action.They were super smart AI drones that could kick ass!

I'll try to avoid spoilers (unless you just wanna hear all the good stuff), but the premise of the first book is that a bunch of scientists and physicists keep committing suicide because they've come to the conclusion that "physics does not exist," due to some strange and shocking results they've received from their experiments. There's a group that's trying to get to the bottom of this, believing that scientists are actually being targeted and manipulated by some person or group of people. And also there is a strange virtual reality game called Three Body where players must survive by learning how to predict fluctuating eras of stability and chaos where entire civilizations can be wiped out due to extreme cold or extreme heat that can fluctuate within minutes. Players in the game must "dehydrate" themselves in order to survive these chaotic eras that can sometimes last hundreds or thousands of years, IIRC. The game and the scientists who keep committing suicide are somehow related, and without giving too much away...aliens. That's just the first book, after that it gets crazy and really epic both in terms of scale and time. And like I said there are lots of sci-fi concepts that really make you go "hmm" when you view them through the lens of UFOs.

What evidence do you have that its not metallic? This is the description provided by the authorities who know more than anyone so i’ll operate with that until told otherwise. Nitpicking semantics is a weak attempt to discredit this video in my opinion.

Looks like a duck. Walks like a duck. Quacks like a duck. It’s probably a fuckin duck.

Definitely not rubber

Certainly possible, but you then have to determine who made it. The Russians have proven themselves barely capable of the funding necessary to field their own conventional airforce in Ukraine. Lichtenstein or Nigeria or Panama or any other country on planet earth except China is unlikely to have the R&D budget to be able to continually style on us right in front of our faces. So if it's man made, it's either us or the Chinese. It doesn't appear to be us. If it's Chinese, the Pentagon needs to do their jobs and take the trillion dollars a year we feed them and figure it the fuck out. Or it's aliens.

When you look at any human made technology, a transistor, cellphone, latest processor serving you in your computer, you can trace all the development progress. From punched card machine to todays computer. Now try to think about these objects. Too many missing steps, you even don't know where to start. I think it would be impossible to make such great feats in developing fast, non visible propulsion, multiple mach resistant things (at the same time) in total secrecy. We currently as humanity don't have any intermediate steps between latest disclosed space faring jets and these things traveling through sky (and reportedly water too), seemingly breaking laws of physics. That's my main argument for why this just can't be human made.

It’s a fair question; I used to think the same thing. IMO, it’s because of the history of UAP sightings. Credible UAP sightings all have similar characteristics, right down to size and shape. Mass sightings of orbs go back to the 1500’s and have been depicted numerous times in paintings, pamphlets, etc. But one particular characteristic, accelerating from 0 to several thousand MPH, is particularly interesting. Credible sightings of this behavior go back to the 50’s. Even if you think those ancient paintings are nonsense, how is it a human developed this technology in the 1950’s and have kept it secret all this time? Are all those sightings bullshit too? Do you think Roswell was bullshit? (Genuine question, because I used to think it was too…)

I love this sub so much. Whenever I'm feeling down I come here and comments like yours make me smile. ***iT's sWaMp GaS!*** 🤡

Third video is wild.

Won't play for me, weird.

Awesome, thanks! Big ups

This is a far cry from “occupants”. Where are the videos that prove these are extra terrestrial “beyond the shadow of a doubt”?

Well if you guys say so!

I doubt they're giving it much thought whatsoever.

No. The pentagon released a statement about that specific video saying it was in fact filmed by navy personnel, but they would not give a designation or identify what it was in the video. Something about giving information to adversaries. So it could have been alien, could have been new US tech, could be someone else tech. But it absolutely was not just lights.

How are you determining that the object is moving, rather than the drone(?) to which the camera is attached?

Hmm yeah that makes sense and I hadn't really put that together before, thanks for your perspective. Like they have a particular mission or set of tasks to do, so they can't stop to check out something out of their tasking.

Speaking in absolutes for something you realistically have no clue about 💀

What does the drk have to do with this ? This was a reaper drone in Syria and also the drones camera lens is perfectly spaced between the gimbals outer shield the ball would likely only look like a spec of it was that close not to mention the laser it uses to track is on the outside of the pod so they wouldn’t be able to track a loose part inside of it .

I'm not familiar with his traveling puppet master theory

OK, so you agree with his analysis of the sensor data?

This probe must have come from a place then thats at least 4 lightyears away, entered our solar system, found our planet and managed to enter the atmosphere. We have tested and looked for tons of stuff, and there are no planets supporting life in any vicinity. A Probe wouldn't fly perfectly above ground but crash immediately, and any sort of control is impossible due to physics. You can't control anything from lightyears away.

That is not what they said. From their estimates, the upper limit was mach 2, whether or not it was hitting that upper limit of the range isn’t confirmed.

I was only questioning whether or not a drone could even fly with something covering the propellers. And it can, kinda.

The guiness world record for a civilian drone is over 200 miles an hour. I don't think it's going half that fast in the video

>And yet, if someone has this tech, they aren’t conquering the globe because…….. Because mutually assured destruction is still a thing.

I think people take the 5 observables too seriously. Just because it doesn't have one of those characteristics doesn't mean it's mundane. Yea, it would be more interesting, but I still don't think the armchair scientists on Reddit can identify an object as a balloon while Pentagon investigators with an entire array of sensor data present a video not realizing it's a mundane object.

When did I say that?

Yes thank you

That doesn't make any sense, the drone loiters at 50,000 feet. The people on the ground reacted to the object.

Show an example of a balloon this then if it’s so clear you should have clear examples.

[deleted]

"they can stop floating at any altitude" This was an actual comment written by a real person, god save us.

What it looks like to you isn't reality.

“You can’t expect to wield supreme executive power just cause some watery USO threw a gadget at you!”

[deleted]

I agree with you. When you want to identify things you need to identify factors that are consistent with things you know about to generate a list of possibilities, and factors that are inconsistent with those things, in order to eliminate possibilities. In this case, this object seems consistent with a balloon. I don't see anything that would eliminate balloon as a possibility.

Wind. In this case the camera is also attached to a drone that is moving, which can contribute even more to the parallax effect, and making the object look like it's moving faster than it is.

My tax dollars are going to pay for food stamp police to make sure poor people can buy medium cheddar cheese but not sharp cheddar cheese, because the people in charge of the food stamp program think poor people don't deserve to be able to buy sharp cheddar cheese even though it costs the same as medium cheddar. I'm frustrated by a good number of things our government spends money on. I'm okay with them spending money on improving airspace awareness and monitoring though. And training pilots and drone operators and video analysts to identify mundane things so that they can focus on the more important things and not waste time being flabbergasted with how a blob could stay aloft in the sky with no means of propulsion. Ideally they would remember that balloons exist, and would be trained on what balloons look like under various conditions, so we get more accurate analysis and save money.

LIZZID PEEPLE!!

I’m not going to argue against that.

I’d love to see that original though, it’s gotta be filed somewhere

Got it, to your knowledge have any of those scientists devoted their time or research capabilities to investigating what is known here as "the phenomenon?"

Figured as much, lol 🦆 What I love about Minot is that the radar scope photo matches the shape of the object on radar.

Is it any good ?

I hate that ‘oh I’ve made you angry’ shit. He clearly isn’t, you are because he destroyed your argument.

>See it seems like your feathers are ruffled Nope. Just explaining my criticisms. You should try responding to my argument rather than repeating that my "feathers are ruffled" > I do think earth has been “visited.” So there’s really no belief system for me to be protecting. Your personal beliefs are of no interest of me. > Well, i mean at this point if the aliens do prefer to physically send ships into our atmosphere, then disguising them as dumb balloons would be genius. They should be flooding our atmosphere with balloons, if their preference is to actually have a physical presence. Yea please tell me more about what you think aliens would do. This is top tier analysis...

I don't know what it is but I don't think it's a drone with half a sphere on top of it. It's completely solid in the sense that you can't see the insides. The reaper drone is viewing it at an angle.

Yes the apparent motion changes slightly throughout the video, how does that relate to the motion of the aircraft that is viewing it and the wind?

Most people here seem to be rational about it, but lots are total quacks

The object in this video is not going mach 2, so I'm unsure why you brought that up. Are you referring to a different video where a shiny orb is proven to be going mach 2?

That’s the part I read and was hard for me to swallow. I have set the book aside but I’d like to pick it up again.

I couldn’t get past the beginning of the second book. The fact that an abusive cop is a hero was also problematic. It gets good though?

It's not semantics, it's keeping the conversation based on what is known. Saying "the video says metallic so we can assume it is" easily becomes "the government acknowledged we have metallic ships on video" when that's not what is being said.

> What evidence do you have that its not metallic? I don't have any, that's the point. > Nitpicking semantics I'm giving context to when this slide was shown and what he was saying while showing the slide. The words on the slide do not exist in isolation from what the presenter is saying. At the time, he was describing how AARO categorizes objects based on *description*. It is absolutely integral to understand the semantics when we are trying objectively capture data. That's half of what science is. It may be boring, but it's important. How else are we supposed to know what the hell we are talking about? He never said the object was metallic. He only stated it belonged to a category that he created based on descriptions. Again, he may have data we don't that further solidify the descriptions he referenced. But he didn't give that data nor did he make allusions to it.

That's not how science works. Specially when we're talking about possibly being tech we don't understand. There's no way to deny that that is a shapeshifting tupperware from the year 2250, so we can't say for certain it's metallic.

Great example of how we need multiple points of data in order to deduce an explanation. We only know what it “looks” like. We are missing “walking” and “quacking.” AARO might have that data. But they didn’t make that clear in this hearing if they do.

*Probably* not rubber.

These spheres are not new. The term 'foo fighter' originated from the UAPs observed during WW2. Pilots reported encounters with harmless objects, including spheres, following them around. The pilots were not able to outmaneuver or shoot them down. The likelihood of any nation possessing such advanced technology at the time is so incredibly low. If it was the Nazis, then why didn't they use it offensively during the war? If it was the US, why did they use these objects to track their own pilots and allies? And China was in no position to develop this level of technology

The simplest solution is most often the correct one.

It looks like some sort of side scrolling flash game. Edit: I couldn't see it on my phone, but it's some sort of projectile tracking system on the drone's software that's making those pew pew looking objects. I wonder what it's tracking?

I’m not just saying so. It’s an easily observable phenomenon. I actually just got back from a flight where I thought a light on a radio tower was moving because of this effect

[This is what we're talking about.](https://youtu.be/IHjbX8GM9Ko) I disagree with this guy's take that parallax explains the Go Fast video. I highly doubt a fighter pilot + their equipment (which is capable to accurately estimating target speed) would both be fooled by simple object parallax. However, for something like OP's video, I think parallax could definitely explain the apparent speed.

Luckily, they are giving it more thought than you are.

Lol, you *clearly* have a very good grasps of what's going on and the reasons for those hearings. /s just in case it isn't clear.

[deleted]

I have a functioning brain and eyeballs and can see it moving in space

Are you serious? You only post low-quality comments on this sub, I wonder why there is a "[-51]" next to your username. I don't think I've ever upvoted a comment from you.

So then I guess nothing about the debunking process that Dr Kirkpatrick went over today had any merit? You purporting to know more than both military scientists and also the intelligence analysts both?

Yeah that’s the thing that sucks about the military and without all the ufo whistleblower protections before this you really didn’t have anything you could do about it you mention it in a brief you get looked at like your crazy and then they move on. I’m glad things are starting to change where we can talk about and report this stuff at any level and not have your career hurt.

[deleted]

[deleted]

> This probe must have come from a place then thats at least 4 lightyears away, entered our solar system, found our planet and managed to enter the atmosphere. That is very narrow minded. 1.) It could have been made on earth or on a planet/moon in the solar system. 2.) if it comes from farther, then it could have come on a space ship, not by itself all the way 3.) our understanding of physics is very limited currently, so speculating from our technological point of view about limits seems rather silly.

So it should then be agreed that it was going at most less than Mach 2, putting it above Mach 1. I certainly don't know one way or the other, but drones (i.e., small drones that would fit this description in the provided video) are capable reaching Mach 1? Hoping you can offer substantive answer, I sincerely don't know.

Sure. But only explains the insignificant portion of this specific piece of evidence.

Yeah sure I'm an armchair scientist on reddit, but I'm also a UFO agnostic who's actually researched all the many, many times various military actors have faked UFO sightings, infiltrated UFO groups, and harassed UFO researchers. Looking at footage that doesn't show anything inexplicable and placing total faith in the Pentagon's supporting evidence (which we don't get to see) is exactly what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about the Pentagon misidentifying a balloon or being confused, I'm talking about the Pentagon confusing *us*!

If its not a drone what else are you implying it is?

Did they or are you assigning feelings and actions to little dots on a screen who you couldn't pic out of a line up. Let alone see how they are reacting. What I said makes sense and is a know and understood. Parallax is real. It is a little interesting as to why a small metallic object would be floating there but I don't think this video is very good proof of ufos. The ones filmed by the fighter pilots are much more interesting and unexplainable

Well. You know how balloons float and shit? And you know how balloons kinda look like fucked up orbs?

I'm saying the speed it appears to be going seems to be well within the range of speeds a balloon could go, regardless of what the exact value is. If I look a mile across the lake near where I live and see what looks like a car driving along the road around the lake, I don't know how fast it is going, but I do know if it looks like a speed a car can go. If it was going much faster than I think cars can go, I would then have to assume something else is going on. If you want a more mathematical look, I did some math here. Even if the balloon was not moving at all, it could look like it moves a pretty far distance just because the drone filming the video is moving. My point with this is not to prove how far the object moved or how far away the object was from the camera, it's just to prove that is a balloon is one reasonable explanation, you can come up with reasonable distances that are within the realm of possibility, and the math works out just fine. No incredible speeds needed. https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/12rym73/comment/jgxg15r/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=web2x&context=3

Ok that’s unexpected. That’s awesome

What a sad and bleak perspective. I pity you.

Shape and movement are indicators. Balloons rarely are perfectly spherical. They move in a specific way (strongly affected by wind).

Again, you are leaving out *the other side* to that argument. While you are correct, insofar as these are possibilities, you have to look at the data whether that actually allows for those options.

I fucking LOVE Hecklefish

I'd also like to see the CIA/FBI files about JFK that are supposed to be declassified. But for no reason at all, citizen, they're keeping them secret. No reason at all.

Yes it's available. It's part of the DIA document dump and is about 180 pages .I'll see if I can find the link, but it's the one that covers 1964-1979 and includes all the US gov information I can find on Bruce Cathie

To my knowledge I do not know if they have specialized into the specific study(curriculum) with regards to the UFO/UAP phenomenon. I would hazard a guess that their knowledge of advanced mathematics(chemistry, biology, physics) would be their foundation. I’d guess since they would likely be some of the most excited people on Earth to learn of the possibility of new life being found especially if it was visiting us that even if they don’t say it publicly they have without question paid attention to popular discourse. I have never heard one of them say with confidence that they believe life from another planet is visiting us. Are they the end all be all on the matter, no of course not, but their dedication into their respective fields weighs more with me due to their training and they are not making a living off this phenomenon. I’m not saying my way is the best or better than anyone else’s way of trying to ascertain the truth but it’s what I’m most comfortable with.

Yeah, it’s some crazy shit. It’s nuts how 16 service members all corroborate the story and we’ve had accounts like this on networks such as abc for whole now, and still, only like 5% of ppl entertain an extraterrestrial origin. I’m completely guessing at that figure but the topic only seems to get ridicule anytime I see it discussed in other threads. When will the majority of public wake up and demand answers?

Idk. I absolutely *loved* Fox’s previous documentary, *The Phenomenon*, so I was stoked for this one. I bought it, threw it on the TV one day, and it was *fine*, it just didn’t hook me in the same way. Fox brings a camera crew down to Brazil to talk to witnesses in person and himself talks directly to the camera, which is a completely different style to how he presented *Phenomenon*. I ended up getting busy and had to pause 25 minutes in. I’m going to try to finish it this weekend and can report back if it’s worth the splurge if you’d like!

It's excellent. Confirms the Varghina event with many key witnesses and facts from the time.

I just watched it after seeing all the recommendations on this sub. I'm in the UK so I could only get it by purchasing it from youtube for £7, but I think it was £7 well spent. I didn't particularly like Fox's interviewing style - he can be a bit rude at times imo, and at one point in the documentary I think he actually puts people in danger by not listening to what translators are saying to him. That being said, I found the people he spoke to very convincing and I really liked the way they told the story. You have time to digest all the evidence and information they have in a chronological way that answers questions or backs up witness accounts. I liked it :)

My argument was I’m not a skeptic because of a belief system. I didn’t even see him mention that anywhere in his response. He admitted in his first comment that skepticism makes him upset. I don’t need to prove that, he already made that claim.

>Nope just explaining my criticisms that *you* made up. *You* brought up ignoring pilot testimony. Not me. Attributing false statements to someone else is a sign that a person is lashing out. Its an emotional response… >Your personal beliefs are of no interest to me Then why are you attempting to attribute beliefs I never said to me? >Top tier analysis I mean, thanks. I’m sure most people here have studied the subject for a long time and I think well articulated views are super important. It would be strange to think otherwise.

we would have to edit the video to show all the visible path on one screen, I might give it a go over the weekend if I'll have time. Wind seldom carries stuff in a perfectly straight line and moves it with fine turns.

[deleted]

Yeah the second half of book 2 on is when all the really crazy stuff starts to happen, and when some of the most interesting sci-fi concepts are introduced.

Who is "we" in this context? Armchair quarter backs on reddit? I don't get it. What does this discussion in particular provide to the military and scientists that are actually investigating the phenomenon?

Definitely not

Yeah man totally a balloon going parallel to the ground yeah man totally that's it.🤡

Especially with floating orbs that move silently

It was "hovering over a navy destroyer" and "filmed by a navy pilot." Something tells me if the personnel on that destroyer and the navy pilot can't tell you wtf that was... then it was something other than a plane/chopper. And if they knew what it was, it wouldn't be in a UFO files. It was also clear enough to have its shape identified. The strobe effects you seen were likely not even from whatever it was and were from equipment on the ship, just being reflected by whatever it was. But sure, agree to disagree!

Ever heard of something called "parallax"?

Please make sure you are reporting her.

Well, how did YOU determine that the object is moving, rather than the drone? The drone would fall from the sky it were flying any slower than 70mph, so how are you ruling out parallax? Please try to stay on-topic rather than resorting to personal attacks. PS my karma is five times greater than yours, so i must be doing something right....

He said there were a bunch of new reporting requirements coming in the next couple weeks. Sounds like that will kick up engagement.

Everything gets debunked. Who's debunking it to your sources, the USAF? You don't have to answer that, but consider your sources' sources.

I’m people that would know this video is real and definitely not “internally” debunked im no expert on this specific system but this video is amazing for plenty of reasons.

this is what Mick West says about that theory: "I'm not saying it's a wonderful theory, I'm saying it seems more plausible than what was described being as aliens." Do you disagree (think that aliens are more likely than puppets)?

I'd say debating outside of our understanding of nature and physic is rather silly. There is definite proof for what we know how the universe works, and we know that these fundamentals can't be broken without breaking causality. And if any space venturing folk was able to break causality, they'd definitely advanced enough to not get detected. This might as well be a 4thdimensional ball clipping into our third dimension while rolling.

I mean whether or not that design can fly is very important lol. Also my guy it’s impossible to tell how fast it’s going without size and distance of the camera but even still there is 0% chance that it was going mach 2, [here is Mach 2 simulated at ground level.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6w_O2VCQgtI)

He isn't implying anything. But the argument that it's a quad copter is not based in reality. I think the DoD would have figured that out lmao

You can clearly see them move, people in Iraq are probably more skittish to things flying thanks to decades of conflict. It is real, its just not whats in this video. AARO would easily be able to determine if it was moving due to parallax. I agree the ones filmed by the fighter pilots are more interesting but this one is of higher quality.

Show an example

It worked so well it felt like it wasn’t even mine lol like it was just sitting there and I found it

What a un nice thing people get permanently banned for less. You’re right to invert logic it is your prerogative.

The movement here is consistent with a balloon moving in a straight-ish line because of wind. Balloons can be spherical, near-spherical, or circular/near-circular from certain angles. Again, this object is consistent with a round-ish shiny balloon. If you want to say something you see in this video that would make it not possible for this object to be a balloon, I'm listening, but otherwise I don't want to continue this thread because so far you haven't said anything other than said it's possible that it could be something other than a balloon, which is something I agree with. All I have said is that this object could be a balloon because it doesn't appear to have any features inconsistent with a balloon, or do any behavior that is inconsistent with a balloon.

I'm not leaving out anything. I'm saying this object doesn't have any features or behavior that would mean it could not be a balloon. Maybe it's an ultra-advanced drone that looks like an orb. Maybe it's an ET spacecraft. I don't know. But it's also possible that it is a balloon, and I think that is somewhat more likely than those other possibilities, because we know balloons exist and are often hard to identify from far away.

They keep them secret cause that secret will lead to other secrets . They are all connected I bet.

Lol nobody is lashing out. Does the victim complex extend throughout your interactions or just on reddit?

There is no fine turn, it is a gradual change of apparent direction which is likely caused by the change in position of the asset.

No the military (Sean Kirkpatrick) absolutely **did not** state that this orb had an estimated top speed of mach 2. The slide he showed actually literally said that it didn't exhibit any unusual technical capabilities. Go to 18:35 in this video: https://www.youtube.com/live/GFjegRAahmA?feature=share

> Who is "we" in this context? It's a royal "we" so...everyone? > What does this discussion in particular provide to the military and scientists that are actually investigating the phenomenon? What does this provide? It provides context for the statements and materials provided. Again, those things were not done in isolation. I'm confused as to what you want. There was no confirmation it was metallic. That was simply a descriptor attached to it. It is important to understand that so that we don't rush to conclusions. Clearly, me making that distinction is upsetting, but I don't mean for it to be a personal attack. But I do think it is incredibly important to be careful about our words, and how we talk about data. The fact that we don't know if it's metal could be even more confirming of an ET origin if you wanted to try and spin it that way. But I'm not interested in engaging in confirmation bias - I want to know what the objects are. Metal or not. Alien or not.

How do you know?

Not taking any sides but if it /were/ a party balloon the parallel movement could be explained by perspective, I assume the drone is way higher and moving quick with a zoomed camera. Could make for some difficult tracking Edit: I believe this is called parallax

I never said it was a balloon, you reet. But which is more likely? That it's an interstellar probe, or that there is a terrestrial explanation?

How do you know this was silent?

Yeah and I like the higher scrutiny on testimonials should prevent any bs testimony.

[deleted]

> I'd say debating outside of our understanding of nature and physic is rather silly Actually, discarding possibilities when we know (and all actual scientists know) that our knowledge is very limited is silly. > There is definite proof for what we know how the universe works How does the universe work? Currently we don't even know why gravity works. We speculate that we are far from discovering all the subatomic particles....we don't know how the universe came to being and can't predict what will happen to it. We don't know shit about time, we can't even fathom/observe what is beyond the plank length. We don't know what 70% of the universe is made up of.... I think you should stop basing your opinion on trash pop-science youtube videos. :D

So.. how are you taking the news about the supposedly “impossible” galaxies, then? We just recently upset the foundations of our understanding of the universe itself. You really telling me you think it’s impossible that this is alien technology? Humans are arrogantly confident of their own mastery. My grandfather was alive before the first human flight. We’re very, very, green in these subjects. It seems advanced to us because we learned a lot very quickly.

There's like a million different drone designs out there. I don't see why it couldn't be one

You can see them walking and not change trajectory or even look around. What are you even talking about. A guy walks into a house and 2 people keep walking in a straight line. Just cuz someone moves doesn't mean it's them reacting somthing in the sky. We humans don't look up often. You give them far too much credit. They aren't all knowing super beings, Human eyes and brains are easily fooled by the perspective we have. The thought that you want to see a ufo means your brain will show you just that. Mine is always trying to poke holes in everything so I see a stationary object the that the camera can't focus on because it's moving too fast. Parallax is easy to see on the ground but once you add multiple heights to the equation it becomes much harder to understand. I don't blame people for not noticing. Higher quality and showing something less interesting and easier for people to debunk. If it's easier to debunk it will make more people Into ufo skeptics.

Of… of a balloon? This thing? >🎈

Don't get me wrong, I understand where you are coming from, I'm only trying to be concise. A "straight-ish" line isn't the same as one that is actually perfectly straight. That's the point. Balloons don't move in perfectly straight lines, with perfectly constant velocity. Which seems to be the case here. To know, one would have to examine the video algorithmically and incorporate position data etc. from the drone. Same goes for shape. Again, perfectly spherical ones are highly unusual. They do exist, possibly, but would have to be custom-made. To find them in such an environment is more unusual still.

It is a common fallacy to argue, "a balloon is more probable than a spaceship, so it's a balloon". That doesn't work as it runs counter to logic. You are dealing with a conditional probability here, the video being selected exactly because of its non-common nature. You do not know the prevalence of UFOs to begin with, so arguing that way is not valid.

Bruce cathie , skinwalker ranch , the occult , Stargate, moondust , jfk I've got yarn and thumbtacks for days lol Edit:Highly suggest last podcast on the lefts occult episodes ( theres 2 or 3 series on the topic), and the books: occult america and chaos. Curious if I'm just forming a false narrative, or if there's a movie to be made lol

He classified skeptics as people *desperatly trying to protect their belief system* lol. Pretty obnoxious broad generalization for someone who’s upset.

> There is no fine turn, and > likely caused Currently, we have no data to conclude anything. You seem to be emotionally invested in all this tho.

18:32 literally has a slide stating velocity: "stationary to Mach 2". It is under its propulsion section I have never heard of balloons hitting Mach 2 speeds.

Okay well I will forward the comments over to the folks up top. Make sure that they are aware that random Reddit user 1675300 wants to distinguish the nature of the metallic spears. I'm sure they will get right on that.

Because he would have said that! They know what balloons are

Given the available evidence, what do you think is more likely - aliens or puppets?

Yes and the government knows about all of them. Thus its inclusion by Dr. Kirkpatrick. But you guys should def hit them up and let them know it's just a pedestrian drone.

I don't think a keyboard "analyst" on Reddit can explain away what the Pentagon says for a fact is unexplained. It's also not parallax but I don't blame you for not noticing.

Lol you can’t find a single video of anything that looks like this that is a balloon. Cope

