The following submission statement was provided by /u/Environmental_Dog331: --- It think the post is relevant to everything going on. People are always asking where is Lazar? Why doesn’t he come out and say anything. Well he did and it was simple and sweet. Guess he feels he doesn’t owe us anything at this point. It’s a “stick up your…I told you so, now wait and see more comment”. --- Please reply to OP's comment here: https://old.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/15c5li3/bob_lazar_speaks/jtua5oo/

Bob Lazar is definitely someone I hope turns out to be vindicated. Will be really nice if we eventually all get to see these ships in great detail, and the physical ships actually line up with his descriptions exactly, or at least the *one* ship he was permitted to explore a bit in one portion of it.

The fun part is, if Bob was just full of beans, all these years, the Grusch story surely made him say, "Whew! Saved by the bell!"

This is satisfying as fuck

Got to give it to him, he's waited 30 years to say this! Good for you, Bob! Thanks for being one of the OG "whistleblowers"

He absolutely told us so. Specific clandestine locations, specific secret behaviors things about those locations, the fact that US had the tech, the fact that US was piloting it, etc... all corroborated slowly over the decades, and now eventually done so under oath. Certainly makes sense why he was attacked so egregiously.

Yeah Bob!! Good enough for me

My main question surrounding Mr Lazar is that if he was telling the truth, or potentially even making the whole thing up but randomly getting some hits too close to the "truth" , why did the PtB not just arrange for his silence?

You’re goddamn right Bob

I always believed Bob Lazar. From the first time I watched one of his interviews, I immediately noticed there's something up with this guy. He has clearly seen something. There's no way he's lying about everything. His story is too detailed.

This is actually pretty awesome

Big ❤️ to Lazar.

This must probably be the most satisfying I told you so in history.

I want to know what Grusch thinks of Bob. I would assume, if he has names and locations, he would likely know about the site that bob claimed to work at, if it was real

Ugh, this is so stupid. Hey lets pull up a Weekly World News article from '98 about a guy getting abducted by aliens who looked like hot chicks that sucked his dick for "science"....i mean aliens are real now, so everyone who ever told a story about them means it was all true, right? His schooling is a lie. His career is a lie. His claims are a lie. Period. Grusch saying his piece does not mean Bob Lazar wasn't full of shit; like it doesn't mean we now get to brush off shit like the "advanced handscanner" that was straight out of Close Encounters. That still happened. Why didn't *Lazar* go make his claims under oath? Why didn't *Lazar* name names and places? The guy is apparently a **first hand witness** to this stuff, he would be just as good as one of the people Grusch is listing.....so why is it so hard to put *him* on the stand?

he's looking good.

How do you not have a printed diploma from the college you graduated from.

I told you so. Bob is a hero.

Yes!!!

So are we just supposed to believe that the world's biggest secretive base, just let him Walz out with arguably (at the time) the rarest element on the face of the earth (stabilized moscovium) ? Cmon. The descriptions he gave, can easily be just him using pop fictions most used saucer. No one at MIT can ever remember him? What was his "I told you so" exactly ? Because I watched the entire hearing and nowhere in it did I think, huh, Bob was right.

That Lazar is still seen as a credible figure after having exposed as being a fantasist embellishing/ fabricating education and employment is telling... He never showed anything and made a career of things. For independent minds who are not sheep and question things, UFO reddit and UFO Twitter are surprisingly laid back when it comes to the burden of proof from Lazar et al a way that they would never be if it was not about UFOs and they were the ones requiring evidence.

i honestly feel that Lazar has been telling the truth all along. idk about john lear tho.

I just wanna see the sport model

If anything tangible comes from the ufo hearings, it still doesn’t vindicate Lazar. He would still be a fraud.

I didn't catch it, was any evidence beyond anecdotal supplied?

Did he ever get around to explaining why he lied about receiving two master’s degrees?

**obligatory link to bob lazar being thoroughly debunked** https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/oyxuok/bob_lazars_story_is_it_believable_here_is_some_of/ I swear if I hear someone say he “predicted” 115 one more time

You mean the same guy who during his Rogan interview claimed about a headache when he was pressed on his knowledge, multiple times, and said he couldn't answer because of it? This group has become wow

In the past few weeks I’ve binge watched/listened to hours and hours of interviews with Bob, John Lear, George Knapp and others in an effort to satisfy my scepticism over his story. I am now convinced he’s story is true. It is so consistent. If it were a lie, there is no way everyone’s story would line up. Where it does vary is where you would expect it to, like John Lears clear tendency to embellish everything not just regarding Bob. If you too would like to satisfy your scepticism, check this YouTube channel it has a wealth of Lazar contenthttps://youtube.com/@Lazarium

Man this is crazy! What has been really fun lately, is to go back and read what people have said in the past and then apply to what is happening to today. The perspective change and correlations are freeing to say the least.

I don’t care what anybody says… I love me some Uncle Bob. Bout fuggin’ time!

Surprised it wasn't "I have a migraine."

It think the post is relevant to everything going on. People are always asking where is Lazar? Why doesn’t he come out and say anything. Well he did and it was simple and sweet. Guess he feels he doesn’t owe us anything at this point. It’s a “stick up your…I told you so, now wait and see more comment”.

Grusch’s allegations do not automatically vindicate Lazar. I maintain my deep skepticism due to Bob’s long documented shady past, uncorroborated claims, and bizarre refusal to prove his story by coming forward with element 115 or sitting down with any real scientific minds to discuss the world changing technology he claims to have worked on.

Bob the goat

But why did he have to lie about going to MIT? The outright lying is what did him in. It makes me wonder what else he's lying about?

This made my day and then some! Thanks for sharing! Should we start a gofundme to make a statue of Bob? And where could/would it be placed?

That's awesome, good for you Lazar. It's got to be a big weight off your shoulders. Nice work!

Aaaaanddddd... literally nothing has changed. Looking forward to the future, but.... nothing has changed.

Is anyone else bummed he didn’t testify? I really want to believe him but his lack of participation makes me doubt him.

Oh, I thought he was gonna say he's having a headache

The problem, Bob, is that "you told us so" using false credentials and completely unbacked claims that has set the UFO debate more backwards than it has forward. Hopefully Grusch is the real deal.

#GET PROBED, SKEPTICS

Yeah!!!! &#x200B; Robert Lazar is a hero!!! Watch his original interview with George Knapp.

Rewatching a few of his interviews and I still don't find him honest. Nothing much to go with. This video is odd because the hearings does not mean lazar's talk is legit. Nothing from Lazar has any foundation.

Yip! he did tell us so! I do apologise Bob for doupting you!!!

Why is Lazar being pushed into the light again? What is his relevance to this? I understand he recieved a LOT of criticism from this community not even weeks ago. Why is he all of a sudden a hero?

Am i missing something? Did some official ufo announcement happen that proved anything? Or did some people answer questions and make statements without any tangible evidence?

Personally I don't think any of this vindicated Bob or corroborated his story, I still don't believe him.

“Making news around the world”…except reddit will ban you for posting on ANY major sub.

Prove it, Bob. Oh right, you don't wanna get in trouble, and you have a headache. And George Knapp can't find that video of Element 115 you gave him because his office is just so darn messy, wouldn't ya know it??

I went to the MIT Museum some months ago, and they had a silicon wafer there etched with all the names of people associated with the institution from 1861 to 2020. I was excited because I used to be affiliated with the university, and my name was on it. A few days later I remembered that Bob claimed to have a degree from MIT, so I tried to search for his name on the wafer. It wasn't there. You can search it yourself at https://onemit.mit.edu/ . There are three people with last name Lazar, but none of them have a first name of Bob or Robert.

The only people who believe Bob Lazar are people who have not taken even a minute to investigate Bob Lazar. It takes only minimal effort to discover that Bob Lazar is a fraud. Bob Lazar says "I told you do"? Big deal, like he's the only person in the World who said that the US military was in possession of retrieved flying saucers - **WE HAVE KNOWN ABOUT THIS SINCE ROSWELL.** Stanton Friedman is the man who investigated and publicized the Roswell incident, NOT Bob Lazar.

Then go on the record like Grusch

Wasn't Bob Lazar debunked in this [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/oyxuok/bob_lazars_story_is_it_believable_here_is_some_of/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=1)?

He deserves to say that. After all these years he completely deserves to say he told us so. He did. And he's been ridiculed for it for over 30 years. It makes me feel good to see Bob getting that off of his chest. I bet that after all of these years it feels like a huge relief for him.

We don’t need you anymore, Bob. Unless of course you can find the jar of 115 you totally had at some point.

Just some interesting information regarding bob's supposed trustworthiness. Do with it what you will. Bob was arrested for operating a sex brothel in Las Vegas. Bob's first wife died within two days of Bob marrying a second woman. He told the police he was traveling for business during this time. It was later discovered that Bob in fact met and married his second wife days BEFORE his first wife committed suicide. Bob's home/office was raided due to the fact he was selling illegal volumes of radioactive material online. Bob's education history has never been verified and he has been caught in multiple lies regarding his previous professors at distinguished universitys. The list goes on, but these are some I remember off the top of my head.

No bob, you lied, you scammed, you made millions. In that particular order

He would speak at the hearing as he knows that he would be lying under oath

“Told ya so…” Told us what? That someone else would testify that someone else told them that someone else told them UFOs are real? But that they have no first hand account and no evidence. Whoahhhhhh…. This changes EVERYTHING 🤯

What Bob is actually saying: https://youtu.be/0q6yphdZhUA

Love Bob. Good for him.

Sorry guys but Bob is still a bullshitter, although I’m sure at this point he actually believes what he’s saying. The guy completely lied about his education (named a community college professor when asked by Stan Friedman for the name of an MIT professor he could remember). If he graduated from Cal Tech AND MIT you’re telling me he wouldn’t have some paper degrees, photos, recollection of professors, ANYTHING? He also wasn’t actually a physicist at Los Alamos as he claimed (the phonebook commonly referenced actually shows he was a contractor performing work there on behalf of Kirk Meyer), and clearly exaggerates or outright makes things up to support his narrative, like in Jeremy’s documentary when he insinuated that the FBI raid was for element 115 and that they specifically referenced a private convo with Jeremy during the raid. This was Michigan law enforcement conducting the search, you really think they have his phone tapped and have been hunting him down for the 115 he apparently stole almost 40 years ago? It’s possible Bob had some inside knowledge of real things going on, but I just can’t see a reality where this dude was given the most top secret clearance to reverse engineer alien spacecraft when his education and professional experience did not qualify him whatsoever.

Bob using these hearings (where no evidence has been given) to try to bring legitimacy to his blatantly bogus stories, nonsensical physics, and fabricated educational background. Dude has no shame.

Broken clock is right twice a day.

No migraine this time ?

Until he goes under oath (and found guilty of perjury) he doesn't get to claim this as his.

If Bob Lazar and Steven Greer could just be quiet and stay in the shadows, that would be great.

This idiot went on Joe fucking Rogan and couldn't handle the minimal scrutiny from a guy who is the posterchild of someone who wants to believe. He got a "headache" and had to leave. Pathetic grifting scumbag

https://youtube.com/shorts/Qcjf0U9w2-k?feature=share

Bob Lazar wears Chuck Taylors!

Motherfucking Bob out here in his Chuck Taylors wants all the smoke

It’s hilarious how all comes to fucking shorts or tik tok

Is he in contact with Rem? We need his opinion on this

I am happy for him. His stories are part of what fascintated me about ufos and aliens when i was younger

I believed you bob!

Haha. I love this! I was a kid in the 80’s and remember my dad telling me about the article in Omni magazine regarding Lazar. Always seemed credible to me.

That was great. I’ve always liked Lazar and I’ve always believed him.

True

Facts the more time goes by the more he is proven right. Deniers can't coup with their reality crashing in.

Yeah, this doesn't prove anything for Bob. In fact. It makes it worse in his case, because he hasn't expressed any interest in testifying his claims or assertions to an official Congressional body. So to hop on the bandwagon and tell us "I told you so" doesn't mean anything. Because you in fact didn't tell us so, David Grusch, Ryan Graves, and David Fravor did. I'm 50/50 on Bob, and it's slowly slipping away. Unless the man puts up some evidence, or goes into congress to testify, it's not going anywhere.

Go Bob!!! Love to see him jump on a podcast with Fravor and Graves sometime soon! 🛸🙏

Good for him. Must feel nice to say that out loud lol

Been following Lazar since the 1990's. He's the fuckin man for bringing this out before most.

To the folks saying "I'm not going to believe Lazar because he didn't testify under Oath" : If he actually was a bullshitter and made up his entire story, he would be nervous and concerned that he might be exposed through/after this investigation. But no, he actually says this with an air of confidence knowing he'd be finally vindicated. That should tell you everything you need to know.

If he made all that shit up and turns out to be 80% correct that would still be the greatest story lol

THE MAN. THE MYTH. THE LEGEND. THANK YOU. 💚🛸💚🛸

[deleted]

Drop that muthafuckin mic Bobby

The con-man speaks!

Amen Bob, you live rent free in so many heads.

Fuck yah Bob!

[removed]

Likely to have been posted already, but just in case. All Bob believers owe yourselves a listen to Jeremy Rys explaining why he's such a difficult guy to believe. It's about as comprehensive as it gets without being antagonistic. https://youtu.be/JVzyt7z7mhg

I'm sure I'll get downvoted to hell for this but whatever. Two things can be true at once. Bob could be sharing truthful information and also be completely full of shit about himself. He could be relaying the information told to him by an actual LANL physicist that worked on these projects. It could be pieces of various stories from multiple people he worked with that he put together. He might feel so strongly about this that he's willing to assume the risk to protect the people involved. If Lazar came out and said this, my opinion and many others would immediately change. We just had 3 individuals with plenty of credibility testify in a congressional hearing, there is no need to keep trying to defend Lazar and his credibility.

Guys, Bob is a liar and nothing more. If he is truthful, then why didn't he testify under oath? I saw Knapp and Corbell there, they are all good buddies. They could've easily got him in to testify. Here's my prediction, Bob will NEVER testify under oath!!!!! Never!!!! Why, because he's a liar! This should be crystal clear to everyone.

Ha! I said that exact meme was coming.

While there are things I believe Bob Lazar and some I don't, this clip is so cringeworthy I'd like for it to vanish forever.

Say what you want about the other shit but I've never once gotten a feeling he was lying about Area 51.

He could testify in front of Congress. His response essentially was "I don't owe the UFO community anything." Mmmk Bob. This is like, an actual opportunity to get public vindication. His refusal to testify is sus af.

"Why doesn't the media and general public take UFOs seriously?" Also: "I believe Bob. Bob is my hero!" 🤩 😍 &nbsp; Bob, fuck off, you has-been spotlight-stealing charlatan. Quit ruining disclosure for the rest of us.

🤘🤘🤘This made me smile. He's owed a great big fat apology.

Bob Lazar is one of the handful of names our kids will be learning about someday, I never doubted him for a second. UFOs went from an interesting conspiracy to a profound reality for me after watching the Jeremy Corbell documentary with Lazar. It's satisfying to see him being vindicated after 34 years of being called crazy and a liar.

Good for you Bob. I can’t imagine the BS he’s been through by telling the truth.

What a fuckin badass

I followed this sub less than a year ago and was shocked to see how many people hated on him. I first saw him on Rogan and that Kickstarted my interest in all this before the I knew about Ariel School and Varginha pulled me in. Good for him.

Good old bob. Like him.

1989 he told us !!

Love him or hate him, you can't deny his charisma.

[removed]

I believe bob. His record was tarnished and that goes to show just one way they fuk with people

Bob, in some Chucks🔥🔥🔥

I knew he was gonna say that. Probably the most well deserved “i told you so.”

I belive Bob til this day. Most of us have shady shit in our past.

This is proof that all the doubters of Reddit are complete shills and annoyances thinking they know it all like they’ve actually been there.

Bob told Us in 1989 with that dark front seat interview with Geourge Knapp. Groom Lake, Papoose, Location of S4, the Janet Flights.. funny thing about the Janet planes, there was a recent clip on reddit I saw where 4 Janet planes are situated in Los Vegas Airport has 4 Janet planes docked. Was there a lie ?? Best thing when though out the interview Bobs face was darkened. But when Bob got out the car you see his Bright face from the sun light up like an Angel. Love the naysayers say his lying.. 35 years later and Bobs still the BOSS !

I always supported and believed Bob, lol this makes me happy!

That is a very satisfied I told you so.

Lmfao if you are still in denial about Bob and his story. Grusch in the news nation interview stating that their were 12 - I repeat TWELVE - off world craft in possession of the US government is the most hilarious and giant wink wink/hat tip to Lazar possible. You have to be obvious if you have not connected all of the dots by now and don't have a good idea of what's up (assuming your paying attention).

I’m happy for him He must be relieved What an ordeal he’s been through

DOUBTERS IN SHAMBLES

That was deserved

Bob was telling the truth. What Bob may or may not realize was that he was the target of a limited hangout, an operation designed to mitigate spillage of classified information.

I never doubted this man.

Only the dip shits who don’t know anything and pretend to know everything are the ones who were naysayers about Lazar. I’ve known about Lazar since the late 80’s when his story came out and I knew because he had the backing of Bigelow and Knapp plus others who are in the know and are legit that it was a true story. Nobody knew about Area 51 til Lazar talked about it. It was denied forever by the government til they finally came out and said that it did exist. Thank God for people like Bob and for the other whistleblowers 🙌🏻

He was right

If he turns out to be right all along, I want the entire Mediasphere to formally apologize to him and him to be named a hero.

Next up on the "I told you so" team Ancient Aliens guy

Bob Lazar and Fravor got me into this world.

He deserves to say this more than many. All hail King Bob.

Some of us were listening when you blew the whistle.

i would sell my left kidney to get Lazar back on Joe Rogan after all of this, i'd even consider bringing the bearded guy along if that's what it'd take

If, of all people, Bob Lazar gets vindicated in 2023... I will be very happy.

The vindication of Bob Lazar has begun.

Yeah, i guess if anyone in the history of forever had the right to use this line, it would be Bruno, Semmelweis and Lazar. Thankfully Lazar wasnt killed.

If selling books and merch make you a con man we have ALOT of conmen ( looking at you JK Rowling )

I would love nothing more than for bob to have been telling the truth all along. I really want to believe him and he comes across, at least to me, as telling the truth. 🤷‍♀️ I really really hope we find out the truth soon. 🛸

Many have said crafts were retrieved. What makes Lazars case special? He was all over the place and much of what he said isn't directly related to the hearing.

BIG WIN FOR BOB. THE SKINNY ONE ALSO

I have always believed him!

He needs to go away.

I’d like it if Grusch got asked about Lazar’s claims and just laughed and said no.

Until I hear "Element 115" I'm only halfway there.

Fuck bob he should not be mentioned nowadays

"First they ignore you... Then they laugh at you... Then they fight you... Then you win."

I never doubted you Bob!

I never doubted Bob Lazar. Never will. The guy is a hero and victim of character asassination attempmts and a continous disinformation campaign. Unfortunately they made him an easy target, as he had to step back for it not to continue ruining his life. This comment is epic!

Eh.... I'm gonna be honest here. If Lazar turns out to have been truthful this whole time, I won't be upset. But I don't really think it'll play out like that. My impression of him is that he's obviously been keenly interested in UFOs for a long time and read up on all the other reports, sightings and probably spoken rumors at UFO conventions. And he decided to pool all of that together to fabricate a big story with him as the main character. The whole thing served him well, allowing him to get books published and to get paid for speaking tours. And the "best part" from his POV is? He borrowed so much from other stories, he's got a good chance at least SOME of what he said will match up with future evidence. So it helps validate his tales.

if Lazar is really full of BS then I dont know who to believe anymore. his body language speaks TRUTH especially on Joe Rogan show. I know CIA agents can learn to deceive, but not all the time for so long.

Everyone that ever doubted this dude…this dude that doesn’t gaf about the fame. I hope he proves everyone wrong.

The problem I have with Bob is that the stuff he said in 1989 was already in the UFO vernacular if you did some research. Did he do the research or did John Leer feed it to him? Sure Area 51 wasn't on the radar at the time and he might have added a lot of extra stuff that can't be proved. Still interesting though that what he said is finally being brought to light by an actual intelligence officer

He did indeed.Done and done.Big hugs to him.History, right here, right now.

I mostly didn't believe him before because there was no corroboration. I mostly believe him now because there is corroboration. I don't regret how I felt about him before, opinions should change when new evidence comes out.

I come down on the side that Bob really worked at S4, but I think he lied about his job there.

Fuck off, Bob. We owe you nothing, and you've wasted years of time. Time to go testify if your story is legit, oh wait you refuse...

People say he's lies about his education/past, but those same people are certain that shadowy individuals can kill whistleblowers through undetected assassination movements. Is it so hard to believe they could make it seem like someone is lying? Idk. I say this not being fully I formed on Lazar btw. But damn, Individuals in government can make it so everyone that's seen shit stays quiet...but making it seem like a guy is lying about credentials/experience is out of the question? Huh? 🤔

Bob Lazar is legitimate

Bob is def a liar and a fraud

I don't believe him and I really wanted to. Him and Dr Steven Greer, are very compelling to listen to, but just not believable. They've been telling stories for years, and that's all they are is storytellers. JMO.

If he could just sit down and change into a sweater vest and put on his converse…. It’d be a lovely day in the neighborhood. Again.

I hope Bob ends up getting to tell everyone a HUGE “I told you so”

I wish he'd said "suck it bitches, I told ya so"

Believe in Bob

Fuck YES! Yes yes yes! YES! Oh that is beautiful

I've been waiting to hear this man say this for so many years.

That made me laugh. He freaking did!!!!

He'll Damm Yeah Bob!

Fuck yeah, Bob!!

Why do I find bob lazar fine as hell 😂

Red rover, red rover, Bob Lazar's coming over!

American fucken treasure, thank you for your service to the American people Mr. Lazar 🫡

Why is the media not following along this major event. Start with Reuters. Fun Fact, did you know Reuters Was the was the first to report Abraham Lincoln's assassination in Europe (wiki humble brag). They were not the fastest with any of these News. Fun Fact: Most news papers in Europe are lazy and take the news directly from Reuters and you pay per view.

Imagine if we actually see proof that Lazar was telling the truth. That would be amazing.

He’s a proven liar. He just figured it was likely, just like the rest of us. We can all make up a story 😆

Coat tails to be ridden

Check out his Wikipedia site under claims.. yeah, really trustworthy guy: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Lazar

i know this will be unpopular... but then tell us so under oath.

Bob Lazar is as credible as Trump talking about Covid treatments. This guy is irrelevant.

I laughed out loud

Bob "ELEMENT 115" LAZER!!!

I don't know what to think about Bob. whether he is a grifter or someone who has had such a strong ridicule campaign set against him that most people would think he's a grifter. either way we live in interesting times

it's cute but you would probably have to subpoena him to testify

Love love love this!

I love it, imagine being someone who comes out and tries to tell the world what he knows just to be, for the most part, ridiculed and doubted. The response was awesome lol

Ahhhaaa, I knew what he was gunna say before he said it! I’m sure many of you knew it too!

I knew what he was going to say before he said it!!! LOL!

No better example of why when a title ends in an apostrophe you should scroll faster.

GUYS, GO CHECK OUT MY POST ON r/UFOB where Fravor speaks to Graves likening Lazar’s validity to Grusch’s

If it turns out Bob is right they better give him something like how the Cubs gave Steve Bartman a World Series ring lol

What really happened 🎤🔥…

I think he didn't speak under oath to Congress.

Dude’s a physicist space pimp

Now they are just using him meh

Say it for the record. At the very least.

He's just jumping on the band wagon. I also told you this would happen, link to my earlier post: https://old.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/155oi5f/bob_lazar_testimony/jsw68ih/?context=3

SAVAGE LAZAR!

he really did tho.

Yeah you did, Bob! 😉👍

Isn't working

Unfortunately he's no longer canon. Great Legends content though!

ROBERT LASER DOES IT AGAIN!!!!!

Lol! Good for you, Bob! Fuckin' let em have it!

You did, Bob. Brave.

This is great

Here's another piece of information in the pdf shared by Shellenberger that might corroborate Lazar's MIT connection: 2 December 1952 — *CIA OSI Chief Philip Grandin Strong meets with MIT Provost Julius A. Stratton and professor Max Millikan to discuss UAP sightings and a means of studying them through Project Lincoln. Lincoln was an already established air defense project at MIT for the USAF, specifically analyzing photographic reconnaissance and surveillance* *The December 1952 memo suggests Lincoln had an interest in flying saucer cases beginning in mid-1952, and CIA OSI sought “full backing” of the DCI for MIT to formally study UAP. Unfortunately, no further Lincoln UAP documentation exists, and Lincoln summary reports do not mention UAP despite Stratton’s interest. USAF Capt. Edward J. Ruppelt later writes that Project Lincoln’s Beacon Hill Group recommended he set up “sound detection apparatus” in areas of UAP activity, suggesting the MIT scientists were doing actual UAP work under contract* https://pdfhost.io/v/gR8lAdgVd_Uap_Timeline_Prepared_By_Another

A lot of people say that Lazar just got lucky guessing about element 115, but that seems like a strange thing for someone to just guess about. I was always on the fence about Lazar but when the discovery or creation of 115 was announced it made me lean more towards Lazar being legit. Another thing that made me think he was legit, and not many people know this, is he talked about this hand scanner that was used when entering the facility. It had the shape of a hand on it, you placed your hand on it and it measured the bone density of your hand. People laughed at that because at that time there supposedly was no security device like that. But guess what, years later Knapp actually found the device Lazar was talking about. Make of that what you will.

I hope people take this as a lesson to check who's driving their bandwagon.

Brilliant. I've always believed Bob. Maybe I'm gullible but I hope he's fully vindicated asap.

[deleted]

I know Bob dont like interviews and publicity, but he should return to Joe Rogan or go to Lex Fridman to talk about that congress hearing and refresh his story to the public.

Every hater (not that i love him) talking about his educatinal background, etc... The truth is that he talked about crash retrival UFOs and reverse ingeneering of that tech, I dont care if he was there as a handy man, or scanning radiation off of badges, he did indeed, told us so.

For all the shit the agencies put him through o er the years, this man and his family are owed the BIGGEST of mother of all apologies from quite a few people

I am so happy I got an autographed sport model poster from him now

Bob Lazar for President!!

This is likely the best post congressional hearing celebrity response video. 10/10

THE man himself!

We love you Mr. Bob L.Yes, we are not alone!

He needs reimbursement. They fucked him over Hard.

I told you so Fucking savage 😂

there's going to be a craft exactly as he described, that works exactly as he described, but i dont think he was lead or head of any kind of research. at most, a low level lab tech and likely working as a chemical laser technician at least initially. which lines up of many of the Stringfield accounts which mention the use of chemical lasers to attempt to penetrate the hulls of recovered craft.

Bob was telling the truth the whole entire time!!!° good to see him vindicated...and his doubters getting slammed shut.. Pay back is a bitch LOL..oh, and Mick West...go back to England and hang out with your toothless folk

Don’t get this twisted he is finally able to shout out a big FUCK YOU! Still did it with class and dignity. Guys a legend. 🛸

Not impressed to be honest. Seems a bit of a drift. Never thought of him as credible but wouldn't mind him stepping up! This isn't it.

People need to stop listening to this hack.

Then tell your story under oath to Congress, Bob. Otherwise gtfo. Or are your migraines too intense?

It baffies me that people believe this guy

LETS GOOOOOOO

Big Bobby must feel pretty good right now. I was skeptical of him like many others but his story stuck with me the most. To me the hearing was a huge success I am looking forward to the progress to be made.

Amen, Bob. You definitely did.

Wonderful Bob, you did! Thank you!

I want to buy Bob a beer and shake his hand. He went through so much shit

Never doubted you Bob!!!

Bob is such a good liar he talked his way into a job in a secure facility in the 1970s. Thats it. He is an outstanding liar.

Bob Lazar is lying. It’s fascinating to know he is because he’s very good. But if you go on YouTube and find his really old tape where he explains the science, it’s painfully obvious if you have a degree in chemistry or physics that he is making up science. Unfortunately there is 0 reason for a credible scientist to say things that are this wrong. Other than that he isn’t a credible scientist, and he isn’t telling the truth.

Yeah, I told people UFOs were real 30 years ago too, that still doesn't prove he actually worked on any of these projects. I still I'm on the fence with Lazar, but I don't think he's even that important.

It's hard to congratulate a guy on being like, 30% correct. Let's wait until he is actually vindicated and not just sorta right about some things despite totally sorta fabricating probably most things.

We have new grifters now though.

And is still a confirmed fraud. Please, please, PLEASE ban Lazar. While I thought it was just a meme, I'm actually in belief now that he very well might have killed Carol. Bob is insane, the more you find out the worse it gets. In the police statement, he said he was out of state functioning as a professional race car driver. In his book he was there but out doing errands. He told other people even more different things. Where was he two days prior. Getting married also to his very very young bride who dated him at 17. Where were they a week later? Living in carol's house that Bob now owned. That's beyond crazy.

If Bob Lazar is a grifter/hack/liar, and he does go into testify within a SCIF after being granted proper clearances (S-4, right?) to speak of 'what he knows/witnessed', beyond what he's spoken in public about, this could throw a wrench of disinformation into the cog of the investigation. Could he be an inside agent hired long ago for a mission, whenever it came about, to discredit any investigation into the reality of UFOs within the government? What proof has he ever really provided other than his own statements about working at S-4?

While I think he is absolutely overflowing with BS, you gotta love Bob!

[deleted]

I think if Bob lied about the whole thing, he would not brag about this right now, either that, or he somehow knows that disclosure will actually never happen, so he can keep yappin forever. Always seemed to believe his story though.

Bob Lazar's friend John Lear said "[he (Bob) told me that we in fact did have a secret base on Mars](https://youtu.be/d70M1lDk5qQ?t=1264)".

Homie is a fraud and a dumbfuck.

They're preparing the "fake alien invasion".

What did he tell us? The congressional hearing was a joke. It was a guy testifying that he heard other people say they saw stuff. It proves nothing.

Bob Lazar. The man who keeps walking away because he doesn’t like the attention is once again back in the limelight to continue the grift. All of these current affairs are a distraction. Think about what they are distracting us from. Go out and advocate for civil rights and equality. Go out and feed the hungry. House the homeless. Improve the educational system. Stop with the UFO and alien bullshit. Use your energies for something better.

https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/oyxuok/bob_lazars_story_is_it_believable_here_is_some_of/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=1&utm_term=1 Nothing is different about Lazar, he’s still a grifter and we should focus on Grusch and reliable witnesses.

NGL, while I'm generally on the side of believing Bob about the basic aspects of his story, his refusal to testify makes me lower my opinion of him a bit. Personally I think he has some serious skeletons in his closet from this time period that complicate his ability to be honest about everything.

real shii. bob lazar da goat no cap

Yesterday I Googled "how does Bob Lazar feel now?" and did not get any good results. THIS POST is exactly what I was hoping to find. Thank you!

me: i am a skeptic, think ross coulthart is a scammer, think grusch is lying through his teeth, thought the hearing was a nothing burger but believe _every word bob lazar has ever uttered_. r/UFOs: bob lazar didn't go to MIT, is a criminal and a grifter. what color pants do you think the aliens will be wearing when they bring world peace in 2027. grusch is a national hero.

I found this fun Bob Lazar element 115 t-shirt. https://www.redbubble.com/i/t-shirt/Bob-Lazar-with-Element-115-by-CuccoviaDesign/40651841.FB110

Sorry folks, it’s more of the same…only credible guy is Fravor… grusch- is a hard no-hard stop. Rat.

Wait wait wait. Has anything even been confirmed. I want to believe grusch but has anything he said been validated yet. I feel like the community collectively said, “well congress had hearings. That settles that”. Dude could be telling the truth. He could also be lying. He could also have just been fed lies and the reported those as the truth. Again I want to believe, but I feel like we are getting ahead of ourselves.

Evidence? Do they have any evidence. How about some evidence? Hot steaming evidence? "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence". -Carl Sagan. Evidence or STFU.

Congressional medal of freedom is deserved here

I think Bob Lazar was easily blackmailed into a military intelligence disinformation campaign that got way out of control. That’s why he always looks like he doesn’t want to talk. It’s hard to be forced to keep a lie going.

Can someone link his tiktok channel?

I get it if Bob is smug, but why is the guy with him also smug?

Where is this from? Has he done a new interview?

Lolololol To be honest, I wasn’t a big fan of his when I first watched him, I happen to have a very good character radar - but I did believe him, 98%. I’ve since learned more, even some of the odd things, and I think I was right. He’s a little sleazy, and may have embellished some things (hard not to when you love scifi, even if you are just filling in gaps of understanding) but the core of his story is true. It’s going to be awesome if the whole story comes out. Side note: one of his interviews in the 80/90s he mentioned the management didn’t care if it came out, it already had multiple times and is the easiest secret to keep. Lines up! Not sure about element 115, someone said the half life is like 2 seconds but he also said they had a stable form of it. This also lines up again with the 4chan leak (get in trouble if mentioned Lazar) and there was another post about 115 being the most precious part of downed craft, not sure where that post went.

Thanks Bob, now here's Ollie with the weather....

I think I'm banned I'm not sure why doesn't make sense

Why the smarm shot in HD? Kind of a weird look.

I have spent many hundreds of hours studying Bob Lazar and everything he's every said and done. I have to be honest: I still can't say that I'm 100% confident one way or the other whether his claims are legitimate or not. He's either been telling the truth, and Graves/Fravor/Grusch are also telling the truth, and we have non-human extraterrestrial material that has been hidden for decades...or he's a deliberate liar who just decided to make up a deep and elaborate story for fun and to make a interesting life of fame out of none.

I easily fall prey to the bandwagon but I'm hoping people are wrong about Lazar.

Not a Bob Stan, but maybe he’s speaking for someone. Who still works there or has since retired but doesn’t want his reputation “tarnished” by snitching on the government. The lies that are proven (education) just doesn’t make since to me

Does anyone have a full summary/description of Lazars claims regarding the ships and the pilots? I can't find a decently detailed one anywhere...

Did the person making this screen recording get dumped via text?

Told you so? 😂 Sure and I went to MIT

Go Bob! You the man

We believed you Bob. Or at least I have

Hate to be That Guy but as I’ve said before - almost everything Lazar has said could still be true, just that his own part is fabricated along with some details - like element 115 that people have shown the strongest doubts for. It’s been said he was in contact with, or had the opportunity to be in contact with people who could have shared details that he’s claimed as his own first-hand. Not saying it’s definite, but that’s still what I consider the most likely. If it turns out he was totally vindicated then wow, what a crazy time. (Edit: craziER time! It’s already pretty fucking crazy)

Who are the agencies and people in the government who strong armed him, ruined his life and reputation? They need to be held accountable.

Why was Bob's store raided and searched in that documentary? Was there ever a valid reason for that?

Must feel good to say that after decades of getting crapped on.

So now any grifter we already dismissed years ago is suddenly credible again... A lot of old UFO grifters will start slowly creeping out of the woodwork for a payday now. It's one of the downsides of the topic becoming more popular again.

Lol! That cracked me up. Nice one mate. I can only imagine what it must have been like with all those idiot debunkers giving you grief all these years. Those clowns are fading into irrelevance. Good on ya for sticking to your guns!

His appearance on JRE was awesome. First I had heard of him and really enjoyed it. Super interesting.

I swear I've been saying just like they tried to make Bob lazar look crazy. This is a legendary af "I told you so".

Fuck yeah! Love you, bob!!

[deleted]

The next JRE with Bob is going to be great.

What are the chances Burchett can get a hearing together for Bob Lazar, to get some of his statements on record and under oath?

Now ask him some detailed questions and see if he gets a headache

the moment he's been waiting for his whole life probably wow

For everyone who believes bob lazar watch a talk by stanton friedman. Wish he was alive today for this.

I think I said if Bob Lazar is right , I'll eat my tin foil hat ....... damn.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBdUg1h9XLU&t=1s

I believe Bob. For those that don't, you'll buy the idea that aliens from somewhere else are flying their crafts through our atmosphere at unimaginable speeds via exotic propulsion systems, sometimes taking people from their beds and performing strange experiments on them BUT believing that someone would lie on their resume to get a better job or that someone else would remove a file from a cabinet just to screw with someone they want to discredit is just a step too far.

I have never believed his story, still don't, but the closest I have come to believing him is this clip lol This is the most convincing he has ever been

Hahaha well deserved, my friend

I don't care that he's right or wrong. It doesn't matter. It doesn't change the big picture. It's irrelevant. The only thing that matters is that we deserve to know the truth and we must collaborate as a species to better our lives through reverse engineering of the technology that has been hidden from us. Our inability to move to this higher level of existence due to a slow drip of information and strategic disinformation is infuriating to say the least.

Where's people hating on bob lazar? Lol are they hiding in caves? Crying?

I wish he would have also testified at the hearing

I have taken so much shit for defending this guy over the years, it is wonderful to see him get some vindication.

Don't give up on us Bob.

Ok that was pretty cash-money of Bob, not gonna lie. The figurative mic drop lmao

So you master space flight. Your race has mastered science and physics is your bitch. Time and space are yours to control. You travel countless parsecs of space to visit a backwater planet in the rim populated by another race so stupid they are not only killing themselves quickly but slowly also as to ensure the worst possible fate...and you crash? so its that or the government is trying to distract you yet again. I want to believe, but I read the three body problem...y'all aren't even ready to aliens.

Lazar is the Trump of UFOlogists. I’d only bring him on my show as a joke. Why discredit your brand?

That motherhugger got it in there, good for him.

Bob lazar is a clown. If he really did what he said hed be replicating detailed design drawings to prove it.

Lmao let’s not get ahead of ourselves here

If he testifies under oath to congress it would go along way in my opinion.

He looks good. Healthy. Like, maybe everything is going to be alright?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhFHIlwCSq0

Here’s the thing about Bob — he could be a liar, but with half truths, and in this case his half truths could also mean the biggest story in human history is also true. I know plenty of people who exaggerate because of their insecurity. In this case, I doubt he was an engineer but maybe he was an assistant or an assembler. He’s obviously not a graduate of MIT, but I do believe he obtained true information about government experiments on UAP tech.

Never liked bob, but i like this, hope the headaches stay at bay to get some useful information from him under oath.

hE hAS nO eVIDENCenCe

Bob for president !!!!

So time to guess whos next? David Fucking Icke?

I love all the UFO news and everything, but seeing both parties go balls deep on the subject is really worrying to me. Like they're using this to hide a much bigger awful thing.. like total climate collapse in 10 years or something.

[removed]

Sooo what person in power just got caught molesting a kid, was there some new breakthrough related to Epstein? What's with the sudden smoke and mirrors

Man I really hope Bob testifies in congress. Wonder if he’s up for it.

A bot is telling me I have been on Reddit for only two weeks and screwed me on my remarks? No, it is more than two weeks. Sheesh. Now robots are telling me what I can or can't do.

Still haven’t see any evidence of anything it’s all sensational bullshit and brainwashing.

How often it seems to have been utterly lost on the more hostile Lazar haters around these subs, that the easiest way to understand Bob Lazar’s story is to acknowledge the very real possibility that Lazar is both (1) a reckless scallywag with well-documented credibility issues and generally a *less-than-ideal regard* for the law and the truth; and simultaneously, (2) an extremely bright individual and *clever enough* technician who indeed actually worked, for a brief moment in history (and as he’s claimed for all these years) on a super secret US government program to reverse engineer recovered NHI craft

Who’s the nerd

Based on the Instagram stories from today connected to this Reel, it looks like they are filming something with Bob! A movie or doc perhaps? They were in Nevada and wrapping a shoot. There’s a website link https://projectgravitaur.com — anyone know what it is for?? Sounds like we’ll be hearing more from/about Bob!

Bob is telling the truth

i dont know why but i feel like this whole situation is just some sort of play.

If this is all proven true, then this is the very least he deserves. Truthfully… if this man is vindicated after all of the harassment/threats & just pure ignorance (myself included… ignorance-wise, some trust and plenty of skepticism); Bob Lazar should receive a permanent, automatic, no limit, pardon for anyone/everyone he slaps in the face (at the velocity he finds comfortable + sees fit) . Given the rapidly increasing likelihood of such an event—I hereby offer my cheeks (face of course 🙄) as a sacrifice to 5 of the first 1000 smacks; as deserved for my poor judgement as a gigantic douche. Additionally, any-and-all HUMANS must send him a weekly bouquet of flowers w/ hand-written ‘sorry’ or ‘thank you’ card attached (even if he slapped you). Anyways… I, both (mostly) think & hope that’s he’s right, even if the consequences are 🛸DIRE🛸.

What do I think? I think that whether Bob fudged his past or not, doesn't really matter anymore. I REALLY respect that he's still enduring, whether it's his own folly, or others that have discredited him. Even if he was just a janitor, who happened to see a thing, and then embellished his role upon it a bit...what he saw was probably true. I'm inclined to believe him more, though, these days. That even if he wasn't the most perfect person to hire--on the flipside, the gov knew that they could discredit him on a moment's notice. For that reason, it's sometimes safer to recruit people with shady pasts, because it's way easier to distance from them, if need be. If the program ever needs to "burn" someone, it's easier if that someone has some dirt on them that you can take advantage of. So, when I look at Lazar, I can imagine that the worst suspicions of his personal character might be true...and I don't even care about that, if he happened to be in the right spot at the right time, to witness some things. Some alien coverup shenanigans, by the U.S. government (and yes others, for similar reasons) And he was fuckin' RIGHT!! Gad DAMN, we're living in a crazy world, right now. Love to all you sisters and brothers out there, keep the lights on and the love and power flowing. <3 These are amazing times, stars incarnate.

Be nice to see Bob, Tom delonge, Stephen Greer at future congress hearings and ask them questions

Where can I buy the T-Shirt!?

I have to admit, all this video does is push me further onto the side of thinking this guy is full of shit lol.

If Bob Lazar says it, you know it’s false

Bet Jeremy Corbell is pissed he's not standing by Bob's side

In Indian sayings there is a statement " If you did your Dharma Right....then Karma will see that you get the destiny..." He did his Dharma of acknowledging the fact that USA has several NHI crafts.... now let the Karma take the centre stage and fulfil his destiny..."

Love that guy.

I’ve been a Pro-Lazar guy all these years. I told you so fuc*ers!! Lol.

Hahaha, I was thinking about Bob after watching the hearing... Glad he must feel a little vindication.

I always believed him after listening to JRE the whole podcast multiple times, I dont get the attack he received (I know what some will mention) but this does not make his story credible.

*"The Oppenheimer thing, and so I wasn’t really involved in any of it. But I do remember that when I went first to Los Alamos and that would’ve been in ’43, and then after the war when I came back in ’49, there was this big argument going on about whether we should work on the thermonuclear. And the opponents of working on it were very close to Oppy. John Manley. Oppy wasn’t there anymore, but John Manley was and John Manley had been the secretary to the General Advisory Committee, and was very close to Oppy even before the project started. He was sort of Oppy’s gofer on coordinating experiments throughout the country. John Manley did that. And I was just appalled that we wouldn’t work on it. And of course the major influence on saying no was Oppy. So if you read the testimony, I think Teller got sort of a bum rap in that if you read the testimony he says all good things about how Oppy ran the project. He also says that if he were going to choose somebody to do it, he would still choose Oppy. But then he says, I really wouldn’t like him to be in a position of setting policy, or whatever it is. And I think that was because of his opposition to the hydrogen bomb work, which if we hadn’t proceeded, really would’ve been a disaster politically. Between the Soviets, because of \[Klaus\] Fuchs, they knew what was going on and they actually, as I mentioned, had a deliverable thing before we did. So if we hadn’t worked on it, you know as far as whatever the global politics are concerned, I think things could’ve really been tilted the wrong way. So I think in that context, Teller was right. But immediately he became the béte noir of the pro-Oppenheimer people. I know \[Robert\] Christy wouldn’t even shake hands with him and Bradbury sort of had a ruling that he was not to visit Los Alamos. So from that time until I became director, Teller was never allowed to come to Los Alamos, which I thought was ridiculous. As soon as I became director, I invited him to spend the summer, which he jumped at and came. I did it for several reasons. Whether you get along with him or not, you can love him one day, you can hate him the next day because he’s a very dynamic figure.* ***And I figured first, from an intellectual standpoint, he would be good for the lab. I thought as far as the troops there were concerned, the fact that he would wander around and talk to people, I thought, gee, you know, this is really good, because I could see the guys going home, telling their wives, you know, I spent a couple of hours with Edward Teller today, and this is just a good thing.*** *He was a very stimulating guy. But I did have a problem because I realized when I invited him that with Edward you \[00:45:00\] need a keeper. You need a keeper. And I wasn’t sure what to do because you had to have a smart keeper, because you were trying to get a good impression as far as the lab was concerned as far as Edward was concerned because he was quite influential politically in those days. So I chose a guy, Jay \[George A.\] Keyworth, who had the intellect, the drive, and boy, they got along just great".* Los Alamos National Laboratory Director Harold Agnew, 2005. Page 21. The guy that was on the B-29 and loaded the plutonium core into the Fat Man enroute to Nagasaki. https://special.library.unlv.edu/ark%3A/62930/d19k4649n Remember when Bob Lazar said he bumped into Edward Teller in the courtyard, reading the newspaper with his jet car story on the front page? LA Man Joins The Jet Set – At 200 Miles An Hour Publication: Los Alamos Monitor, Page A1 and A8 Date: Sunday, June 27, 1982 by Terry England, Monitor Staff Writer **That is an entirely plausible scenario. You guys need to get a grip on yourselves.**

They bought bob lazar out of the woodwork lmao

LOL This is GOLD!

perfect time for Joe Rogan to invite Bob back and once again prove to people he’s not a crazy person.

Bob Lasar deniers status: WRECKED💀

What exactly has been revealed!? NOTHING. There is ZERO EVIDENCE. This is absurd.

Honestly Americans you basically are the only ones who cares about the stuff the rest of the world have real problems

I can listen to this all day

Imagine Bob Lazar and Steven Greer join forces!

nope still a liar

I think I can't tell you my opinion because I have a headache right now. Everytime I see this fraud here I know it's all bullshit

If you don’t believe Bob at this point in the context of all of these developments over the last 6 years you are just willfully ignorant.

[removed]

🤡🤡🤡🤡 all the people here.

Fuck yeah - finally - go Bob 🔝

I was thinking just yesterday after rewatching his JRE appearance that literally everything he’s been claiming for decades is being reflected now by grusch etc. The guy also comes across as very genuine. Does anyone have any examples of things he’s says that are at odds from what’s emerging now or demonstrably false? Not hugely clued up on how his story compared to recent claims but would be interested to know how it stacks up :)

Is Bob lazar related to Rem lazar?

Either its redacted experimental planes and animals, or aliens.

When did all of you start taking people's word as factual evidence?

I can't believe so many people just accept what these guys say. There is no evidence whatsoever. Lazar has been talking about this bullshit for so long without anything concrete. Nothing happened, nothing will happen. All nonsense. The alien/UFO community on Reddit needs to grow the fuck up.

It's ironic how fickle the internet is. Reddit hate him and didn't trust him. Now they claim they want him to be vindicated. Perfect timing for them to jump on the bandwagon.

Even as a little kid of 10 in the 80's listening to a radio show hearing bob's story I believed every word of it. Always have always will.

Who cares, he just wants the spotlight as usual

Bob Lazar is still a grifter

I’m still waiting for more than people talking.

its a fun idea.

[removed]

Why is this new stuff getting any attention? What makes it different from the usual genetic claims

Bobby deserves to be between the first to board a ship or at least be recruited to work on civilian development of the tech. All to vindicate for his suffering.

They both need shirts from Untuck It.

Bob looks happy & healthy!

This same Bob Lazar?!!! https://www.tiktok.com/t/ZT88XB8fd/

how tall is bob he looks like a giant here

I’m from the show me state. You gots ta show me

Did you get it working ?

A congressional hearing doesn’t prove anything about the existence of ufos. He’s wrapped his identity around the idea he’s a whistleblower and many ufo believers are subconsciously more interested in protecting their identity as bearers of “the truth” than looking at the truth themselves.

Yes, you did. Thank you for your courage!

Mega-grifter

Legend! Always believed you man... cheers!

That's 4 words.

I always had the feeling he was telling the truth but after listening to all the critics out there, I didn't believe him anymore, just thought that maybe he did believe the story himself somehow. It's good to see him vindicated.

YesThe og whistle-blower!!!!I love BL . THANK YOU SIR!!

He was right!!! 🙏🏽

Bob lazar is the man that gave us a heads up and might just be one of the smartest men alive

I would love to hear him say "this is taking way too long"

I bet that felt really good! Much love to Bob.

I always thought he was telling the truth. Bob can now feel vindicated, hopefully.

Literally knew he was going to say that I fucking voiced it out before he said it

He is about as credible as Riley Martin

I’m a Mac… I’m a PC.

Love you Bob you're amazing

lazar was an mk-uktra patient. he was brainwashed into thinking he did those things. ask Jaques Vallee

Mr Robert Lazar. The man the legend. Top bloke always genuine and tells the truth

Someone has written a scientific research article, verifying one of Lazar's claims. Take the time to read it before objecting. Pay particular attention to the fact that the author made scientific history in 2008, by predicting one of the most important parameters in Cosmology which was experimentally verified in 2013 by a $900M satellite: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/374945740\_The\_Lore\_of\_Robert\_Lazar?channel=doi&linkId=65401436f7d021785f224c17&showFulltext=true

If it turns out Bob is telling the truth then that would mean we should reevaluate a lot of info on this sub. The way ppl bandwagon on disliking certain ufo figures on here is alarming tbh.

Same here, I really hope Bob is vindicated. I personally know a bunch of people I’d love to shove the evidence up their asses

Same. I actually became interested in this subject when I saw that old explainer tape he made years ago

It won’t the dude straight up lied about his education. You don’t forget who taught you Organic Chemistry. It steals your soul!!!

I’ve been aware of Lazar since 95’ and have heard almost 30 years of shit he’s been getting. I hope it’s a lesson for people not to be so easy to judge what threatens their worldview. For every statement of truth that threatens a norm there is an attack on that truth to protect the norm.

I’m really on the fence about him His educational background and actual understanding of physics is what makes me doubt him

Tom DeLonge believes Bob Lazar. I have a really hard time not trusting Tom these days. FWIW Lazar has, ever since his first public statements, been more right about the UFO matter than 99% of people on the planet. Rather than fess up, the most powerful intelligence organizations in the world decided to ruin his life, apparently in the name of national security, making him out to be insane. Whatever happened next, it happened because he got rear-ended by the government that should have protected him. He's vindicated. Without Lazar, who's to say that TTSA/Mellon/Elizondo/Stratton had been able to craft a plan so that a Grusch character could reign in this period of disclosure. When the US Government gets it together, apologies and writes legislation to ensure this never happens again, I think it should be called *The Bob Lazar Act*.

I hope so too, but also tend to believe he did stole half a kilo of element 115, reason why the FBI raided his house in many occasions. When asked he refused to answer

>and the physical ships actually line up with his descriptions exactly Even if the science he describes doesn't match exactly what may eventually be disclosed, that could be explained by a change in understanding since he was involved, or simply a product of compartmentalization planting bogus data in part of his work. In general, because of the nature of the intentionally convoluted subject, people have to give him the benefit of the doubt. Not to say anyone has to believe him.

One thing I've learned is that when you rip someone and his story apart like Bob Lazar and his claims, people often end up with what they think is final undeniable proof, and there's no way it could be any other way.... until it is. Far too many times that person looks like a total fraud every which way under the sun, and they get absolutely vilified and annihilated for it. Then the truth comes out and all those little details that people thought they had were right, well, they WERE right, but the context wasn't. Or people broke the pieces down so much that they were looking for issues that weren't there. Or rules were applied that work in 2023 but not in 1988. Imagine that you find out someone else paid for Lazar to go to MIT and get fast-tracked for employment reasons. Then you find out Lazar didn't go through the same process nor have the same credentials as normal, but she was hired at Los Alamos because someone did see that car article and wanted someone ambitious and young and so they interviewed him. He wasn't hired directly for the UFO program but they liked him and moved him over. Not saying that happened at all, but sometimes that's how it goes and you end up leaving and thinking, "all of that just happened... how?"

I would love Bob to have been right this whole time but I also don’t trust him

he might still be full of shit. just because the story he made up is similar to what was actually going on doesn't mean he isn't a con man. i am not saying i don't believe lazar but i am skeptical.

I'm on the fence, leaning towards not believing him. There's been too many very well researched debunks, by people who would *love* nothing more than to believe him. But I also hope he's not lying, mostly to give me a bit more faith in humanity.

>Bob Lazar is definitely someone I hope turns out to be vindicated The Bob that: 1. Lied about his education and work background2. Seems to always get confused about his story and blames migraines3. Was surprised Corbell found a photo of the hand scanner used, yet it was well known and used in Close Encounters of the Third Kind4. Seems to have a lot of legal issues, but I'm sure that's just the government out to get him and forced him to work with a brothel5. Took a lot of back story about the aliens and Zeta Reticuli from husband a wife who claimed the aliens told them everything6. Claimed there was a UFO at Area 51 that looked like it was shot down - yet he and many other insiders claim they are so fast and move in crazy patterns/speed that it would have been impossible for any technology in the 1940-1950 to be able to track and shoot it.7. Refused to debate any one who was smarter than him about the problems with all his claims The list can go on and on about the many holes in Bob's story.

If this isn’t vindication that what is?? What else would need to be said? He has been vindicated. The truth has been revealed 1,000 times over already idk why we play this game of pretending like it isn’t quite provable until “x” happens to save our credibility. UFOs exist, some of them are not from this planet or dimension or our understanding. That’s it.. Its time to move on to the next level of discussion instead of tip toeing around if we believe it or not. There’s more evidence of all of this being real than there is of it not being real. I equate non-believers to flat-earthers at this point..

he already has been, I saw a video stating how they these people work on these crafts, each person has their own job/role part of ship to work on, so the others don't even know what everyone else is doing. exactly what bob said! https://youtu.be/6qCHNh8BsVc?t=117

Element 115 does not exist on earth. No earth built ufo will use it. Want to get really dark... Brad sorenson saw the "alien reproduction vehicle" and told mark mccandlish about it at the same time bob lazar came forward in the late 80s. I think lazars story getting tv and radio coverage was a smoke screen to drown out any talk of the arv. The description of the arv provided far more to understanding how a ufo would work than lazars story ever did.

He will not be. Don’t let him trick you. Even if this phenomena is confirmed, lazar could still be a conman who just repackaged ufo lore for a quick buck. He didn’t want to testify to congress under oath, I wonder why? He gets random migraines on demand whenever he gets asked tough questions on long interviews, I wonder why? The only people who trust lazar are fools who want to be conned.

I remember him describing the space ship as not having any straight lines, as if it was moulded with clay. A blackish gray monotone color throughout. And it was made for biologic pilots for about 3-4 feet in height.

I've got $1000 I'm willing to put in escrow against anyone else's. That shit is not going to happen. All of this is going to turn out to be bullshit. Call it 5 years? I'd even give you 10 years. None of it will be shit.

He will be, probably not soon but at some point he will be. Imagine how much money Bob and all the other unknown victims are gonna get after suing

I wonder what kind of threats he may have received from the shadow government if true?

To be honest, i felt bob pretty credible just from how he spoke. Having his education questioned made me question him. The more i learn the less skeptical i become. I am watching them try and strong arm this Grusch meeting and i think its what we need. I feel he is 100% trying to speak and his hands are tied. I wish i knew what he had to say. Time for honesty, we got to wake up as a race. Less toxic shit more honesty and openness but the public are 80% ignorant and offensive as a whole, so its not easy imo. Not there just yet but my gut tells me i and a lot of people owe bob an apology.

Did I miss the proof? All I heard was rumors.

followed shortly by we've made enough free energy and robots that no one needs to work anymore

Bob is the man !

Him willing to tell his story under oath would go a long way for me tbh

Before being concerned about his vindication, you might want to look at his very inconsistent background - so many issues with where he said he went to college, worked, etc. Most of which appears to be totally fabricated.

They even tried to erase him from his employment. Were they that stupid and had never heard of the IRS forms...don't answer that. Yes, he said his piece, but now other, very relevant people, have spoken up. Let's watch how they can destroy these guys, only proving they are correct. I happen to have an interview recorded, I did of a friend that has seen UAPs twice, long ago.

Walkaround with Bob and Skinny Bob?

He’s full of shit. He claims the government caught him and his friends watching launches and they were told to “not talk about watching ufos taking off” and then goes on make a career talking about it? Unlikely. He says he saw but also didn’t see aliens as well as ufos operating. Man is all over the place so of course he’ll be right he’s said literally everything you could do he’s got his bases covered.

We should all get to see it

I'm going to be honest, I am on the side of disbelief after all the info that guy put together about discrepancies in Bob's story and interviews with alleged colleagues. I would love it if he was validated. But I think it would be hard to discern between him parroting information he heard at the local bar vs him actually working with the crafts.

Could you imagine actually being able to see them? Oh man, my life goals list is expanding.

I'd be happier if he could actually prove he went to MIT, is actually a physicist, or worked anywhere near area 51.

Why didn't he go under oath I'm confused and why was he profiting of other ways? I think this man actually discredits everything that is happening right now. He is a joke with a headache

Honestly, I’ve never been able to gauge Bob. I remember him from the news broadcasts in the 90’s. Always seemed something was off with what he was saying. Maybe he was right the whole time but man is he a strange fellow.

I don’t know who this is. Can anyone point to something that explains him/what he did?

Why's grusch not giving all the evidence due to secrecy laws, but Lazar can supposedly expose the whole program without consequences?

I'm afraid you won't see squat in any detail, and I doubt it will be revealed any time soon. Biden certainly won't be making a nationwide statement about it. I'm assuming that most of the Government, even most of the Pentagon, has no idea about the reverse engineering special access program. When it's explained to them what would happen if they revealed hardware or live/dead aliens in respect to enabling Russia, China, Iran etc. developing this technology before us, most of the government and pentagon \*and\* congress would be on board with continuing to hide this. Even confirming Bob's story about the anti-gravity machine would be tantamount to tipping-the-wink to enemies regarding the way to go, even if it's futile.

Absolutely. I was never super convinced by his story, as it just seemed a bit too far fetched, but the grusch details sort of line up with what he claimed. It sort of reminds me of the time when I was younger, maybe junior high, I got roped into watching my 3 month old niece while my sister got her hair done at the salon. SO there i am, sitting in the waiting area of a hair salon with my niece, and who walks in, but Ethan Klein.I was nervous as fuck, and just kept looking at him, as he read a magazine and waited, but didn't know what to say. Pretty soon though my niece started crying, and I'm trying to quiet her down because I didn't want her to bother Ethan, but she wouldn't stop. Pretty soon he gets up and walks over. He started running his hands through her hair and asking what was wrong. I replied that she was probably hungry or something. So, Ethan put down his magazine, picked up my niece and lifted his shirt. He breast fed her right there in the middle of a hair salon. Chill guy, really nice about it.

Common, why would he spend on those years with a make believe story to get ridiculed and harassed, and then it happens to align exactly with what Grush claims… he is vindicated!

But not Art Bell unfortunately

Au contraire, he always had plausible deniability (or is that plausible confirmability?). Now, if we find out there’s no E115 and the vehicles have four antigrav engines not three, everyone will know he’s a fraud.

Or Grusch is lying too, not saying I don’t believe him, but the ball is still in the air a bit

I'm willing to give him that one, you gotta respect a crafty grift, ya know? Like I got no respect for a smash and grab thug. No class, no craft. You cut a perfect circle out of my window at night in head to toe black garments and feed my dog a raw steak to steal my cutlery or whatever? I'm not even a little mad. I'm applauding the work.

You do realise there has been a massive disinformation program to discredit people like lazar right? He’s been right on nearly everything including how many saucers

This made me chuckle. Even then he’d deserve it

"Close your eyes and tap your heels together three times. And think to yourself, there's no place like home." When you wake up this will all be just a bad dream. Reality will be as per _your_ narrow world view. All will be as it should again.

Passing the torch. The massive, napalm-infused torch.

He is full of shit. It's pathetic that Joe Rogan platformed this loser and let him spread his BS to everyone AGAIN.

Bob does have kind of have a Belding-ish quality to him.....

It really is! lmao

It’s a weird catch-22 for the UFO community. Because when Bob declined the chance to provide congressional testimony, with whistleblower protections, but also with the caveat that he could be prosecuted for perjury for lying about, say, where he went to college, I also said “I told ya so.” It seems both Lazar stans and critics are both totally vindicated, for very different reasons. Edit; also, Chris Mellon low key debunked Lazar on Rogan. Stated exactly what he did at Los Alamos which was definitely not researching UAP craft. So also a weird catch-22 to feel that the people who discount him also vindicated him by orchestrating this lmao

waited 30 years for what? there's nothing yet

I know right, that's what gets me is at this point his story is *exactly* in line with what Grusch said they would do, and Bob was talking about it in the 90s. I'd wager if he hadn't become a high profile guy in the ufo crowd the chance of him being suicided would have been almost 100%. Make yourself high profile then people ask questions if something happens to you, easier to make you sound crazy and let you do your thing at that point.

So did X Files.

Everyone has said that..this doesn't validate Lazar at all.

>He absolutely told us so. Specific clandestine locations, specific secret behaviors things about those locations, the fact that US had the tech, the fact that US was piloting it, etc... all corroborated slowly over the decades, and now eventually done so under oath. Is everyone here a fucking ChatGPT bot or something? He didn't tell us ANYTHING lmfao

Bob Lazar hasn't told us a damn thing about anything. It does not take any great leap of intuition to guess that if flying saucers were going to be stored anywhere in the USA, the most likely place would be the Nevada Test range, where all the secret aircraft are tested. All Bob Lazar has ever done is repeat what other people had *already* claimed in the past. When it comes to the most fundamental test, that of Bob Lazar's claim to be an expert in engineering and physics, he cannot or will not demonstrate any such skill. When Bob Lazar describes the inside of a flying saucer, his description is spartan; okay, so flying saucers may not have anything much in them to see, fine. But note his total lack of curiosity, and total lack of remarks about things that should be remarkable, such as: "Where is the toilet?","Where does the air come from?", "Where is the door handle?", "Where are the storage compartments?" The absence of such features should be of great interest, but apparently not to Bob Lazar. Bob Lazar has never seen the inside, or the outside, of a flying saucer. Also, his picture of the "sports model" saucer looks identical to the earlier one faked by Billy Meier.

Have the crafts being piloted by US military actually been corroborated by another trustworthy source?

Can somebody point to a place? I can read up on this? Never heard of this guy.

Going to post this channel for newcomers to see. If your a sceptic and really want to make your mind up, don’t just read some debunkers post listen for yourself. Hours of content here. https://youtube.com/@Lazarium

[I like to post this little diddy on all the Bob Lazar threads. Enjoy!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQK8iWFbWJg)

Going to link this post for all newcomers to see. Bob has been a fraud and always will be, ignore the kooky people. https://www.reddit.com/r/JoeRogan/comments/mn8urg/why_does_rogan_believe_bob_lazar/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=1

he told us about UFOs, but he didn't say anything about UAPs, right? UAPs are just unidentified and anomalous, they don't have to be flying.

I believed him ever since I saw one.

Dude there’s no evidence yet. Just wait. Chill a bit

Oh man I'm gonna have a shit load of satisfying "I told you so" comments to dole out to friends and family.

Exactly, the same guy who refuses to testify under oath, but was selling his "confession" tapes in the 80s for 30$ a pop, now says "I told you so". Great.

The fuck happened to this sub that I have to scroll this far down to see a sensible comment?

Large portions of this community will believe literally anyone who says "aliens real," no matter how often they've been caught lying.

>abducted by aliens who looked like hot chicks that sucked his dick for "science" [You mean the nordic alien girls who look just like swedish models aren't going to have sex with me?????????](https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/14476876/aliens-kidnapped-scores-of-humans-sex-last-20-years/) /s

It's almost as if literally all of this is bullshit isn't it? Shocking

Jesus calm down, this post was for fun. Stop taking it so personally. And your argument doesn’t matter. I’ve said this before…if disclosure happens and Grusch is validated so will Bobs story whether he was lying or not. His general claim that the government has ufo and is reverse engineering will become true…again whether Bob made it up or not.

He has already stated multiple times he doesn't want to get involved with this topic anymore, especially after everything gov has done to him.

I thought the hand scanner was recently proved accurate?

Yeah, he can “tell us so” under oath and in front of congress, or he can fuck off.

You'd look that young too if you had a hidden stash of element 115

I was wondering if that was him or an actor 😁

Shhh we don't ask logic questions here sir.

And why are there so many gushingly glowing similar comments in this thread…

Gubbamint araysed it!

I graduated from uni and don't have a printed diploma. mostly just never bothered to go pick it up.

You guys are so gullible

Right? Like no one in the field could possibly be lower than him and Greer, yet here we fucking are

I always find the upvote/downvote patterns in these threads suspicious as hell. If I'm going to believe in just one crazy crackpot foil hat conspiracy theory, it will be that there's some kind of troll group or bot farm that shills for Lazar. Or maybe it's just a cult of Lazar fanboys. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯

There never is.

The insane ones are starting shit up in this subreddit. This should not happen when a real whistleblower is gaining attention

"predicted" 115.

>I swear if I hear someone say he “predicted” 115 one more time Or that his story hasn't changed, or that he hasn't made any money from it...

Obligatory link to a ton of Lazar material that people can actually make their own determination than just read some debunkers post https://youtube.com/@Lazarium

Get outta here with that tired old link. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob! We need a parade.

He predicted 115

"Bob, can you explain Newton's three laws of motion as if you were speaking to a group of high school science students?" Bob: "I, um, have a really bad headache. I need to go home now."

Lol what, this happened? Were they smoking weed during the interview?

the government is sneaking directed energy weapons into joe rogans studio to trigger a sort of havana syndrome in truth tellers like lazar /s

Leer to me comes off as a disinformation agent. Like you said, he’s too sure of himself and the details and the details are too extravagant for no evidence. Plus he said something will be revealed soon like 30 years ago and we are still waiting. It was something about disclosure. I’m very skeptic when anyone claims there is going to be a big reveal trust me type of attitude.

Hell you can go back and watch the Roswell interviews and in the light of today's disclosure it is mind-bogglingly close to everything

Isnt he a con artist?

finally a sane person, grusch's allegations don't mean shit as of right now

Literally everything - none of his physics adds up, there's no base or established roads to Papoose Lake (beyond a crappy 4x4 jeep trail), and his entire background is filled with bankruptcy and illegal activities like getting involved with a prostitution ring. It was only when he met John Lear, who fed his ear with all sorts of Area 51 talk, that he started spinning these tall tales. Even if what Grusch says about UAPs is true, Bob never worked on one.

Hahah I just like how he’s doesn’t give a shit anymore. It’s “either believe me or not, I don’t really care” but “I told so”

I hear ya

I want this as a bumper sticker

You’re like a WWE fan holding a sign at an event

That’s why it’s so hard to be on this subreddit. I like that I can stay up to date on the new and latest happenings, but the fact that videos like this are posted and a majority of people are applauding this clown is pathetic. He is a such a fraud. Like, bro just show us your degree. It’s not only that I don’t believe the UFO stuff, I don’t believe anything he says. I think he is a talented story teller— if one more goddamn person says anything about the consistency… he wrote a bullshit sci-fi fan fic, memorized it and can recite it. I hate that he is being “vindicated.” A fraud, a pimp, a drunk.

[deleted]

Right, nothing about Bob's story actually aligns with Grusch's testimony so far beyond "the government has a crash retrieval program", which people have been claiming since the 40s, it's not like Bob was the first on that. We have nothing corroborating Element 115, S-4, gravity propulsion, grey aliens from zeta reticuli, or any of his descriptions of the shapes of the various crafts, why would anyone think that Bob is now vindicated?

Username undeniably checks out

has nothing to do with reddit self tho. its the people (moderators) who manage those subs. they decided they dont want this topic on their sub (probably because they themself don't believe it).

CIA etched it off bro, Far less effort than killing him.

I think he's paid enough social harassment and life threats from hidden agendas already, don't you?

Lol exactly.

Pretty sure he couldn’t even if he wanted to. There were more witnesses queued for the hearing that the pentagon spooked.

Yes. you won’t find one sane person that falls for bobs lies

He also said aliens came from the 4th planet of Zeta Reticuli. Now we are finding all exoplanets, and Zeta Reticuli has exactly zero. He says that towards the end of the following tape "Excerpts from the Government Bible", which he sold for 30$ a pop in the 80s: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fqd6kdg\_EaA

Such a hater. Feel sorry for you, let the man be. Even if he is lying, he doesn’t matter anymore. There is Grusch, Fravor, and Graves. Relax.

🤣🤣🤣

Lol wtf is that 😂

'Hey Bob can you explain this highschool physicas concept?' --Yeah so I made a hydrogen powered car, S4 gravitational waves causes the reverse flux anti grabity. Element 115 (but George Knapp threw it out for last nights leftovers). Oh shit I have a migraine. Anyways, off to run my brothel and sell thallium. Please check out my Netflix special. Have no clue how he has so many fanboys when there are so much more credible people out there.

It's frustrating that nobody itt seems to see that. Grusch does the work and Lazar swoops in for the credit

And his Netflix movie was unwatchable garbaggio

Why is there always a clutching straws desperation to attack someone based on having a headache? We all get headaches, especially when recalling stressful events, that in his case obviously ruined his life to some extent. Why the desperation. He hasn't been wrong. Bob isn't standing outside UFO conferences trying to flog a bag of plastic keychains. Have you ever considered that people don't come forward with their reports of this phenomenon because of the ridicule they endure? Pilots more often than not do not report sightings or near misses with UAP/UFO's because they feel it would damage their reputations. The same is understandable with Bob, the ridicule he's faced and the attacks of being labelled a "pathetic grifting scumbag". The disinformation campaign has worked.

There is a difference between a "headache" and a migraine. Unless you are a migraine sufferer, you probably have no idea. It can cause all sorts of symptoms. Myself, I can become paralyzed on one side, my vision can be totally obstructed, nausea and vomiting occur, and carrying on any kind of intelligent conversation with an electrical storm brewing in my head is impossible. And then there is the unrelenting pain. So if he had a migraine, I will cut him some slack.

It’s Instagram. I don’t do the tik tok

It was the 80s…you don’t think that type of info could be altered back then? This is pre internet. I don’t think it would be that difficult knowing the far reach of the government and cia

[removed]

was he invited ?

Agreed. He’s gotten so much hate. I don’t understand why people get so mad. I would just ignore a person if I think they are lying. A lot of people get really upset, even some people on this post. I just posted this because I thought it was funny and I think Bob deserves some fun.

Yeah right? Like his master plan was to selling alien merch and books…ok. There are plenty of people who that and make up wild shit about aliens to keep the dialogue going. Doesn’t seem like Bob is one of them.

If his goal was to sell more books and merch, he’d do some more marketing.

He's a thousand-aire! Must be a con!

[removed]

Why?

I’ve always said that I was on the fence about Bob Lazar, he’s stuck to his story regardless of the relentless flak that he’s gotten over the decades, and I respect that. However I’m certain there is a global coverup, and if that’s true, their ability to erase Lazar’s credibility would be simply a flex of the muscle. So if in the end that it turns out the reverse engineering of craft has actually been occurring, and Lazar was telling the truth the whole time, then he should get some kind of award for it.

Chill, this was meant to be fun. Let the man live a little

There's literally nothing to guess about. The element number is simply the number of protons in the atom, and it was absolutely inevitable that an element like this would be eventually created, along with 116, 117, etc. Everything about the island of stability that was theorized for these heavier elements was an established scientific theory since the 60s that he worked into his story... and it was proven false. These elements are not stable, and everything he said about 115 and its attributes is untrue.

Exactly and he is never gonna do a podcast with a Theoretical Physicist either, because he wasn't one.

It's pretty easy. Just to start - https://www.reddit.com/r/JoeRogan/comments/mn8urg/why\_does\_rogan\_believe\_bob\_lazar/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=android\_app&utm\_name=androidcss&utm\_term=1&utm\_content=1

[Read through a few of these articles and report back.](https://medium.com/@signalsintelligence)

Who gives a shit about believing him at this moment. Grusch basically is saying the same thing so who cares

Chill dude, he’s just enjoying the moment

Ok, so you go directly to the brothel comment.Good argument. Makes sense.

People confess to murders they didn't commit all the time. To some people, any attention is good attention.

He posted it on his Instagram and I thought it was humorous. There are so many of you guys that just instant shit on him and get all upset and go on a tangent rant about other things. It wasn’t the limelight it was his Instagram. If he was on national media I guess I could get your point.

No problem, saw it and thought my fellow redditors would appreciate seeing it.

Ok…no context, please explain

So does that mean Grusch, Graves and Fravor in the same boat…sounds like more conspiracy.

Your opinion is wrong

Hahah no my wife texted me the garbage disposal wasn’t working 🤣🤣🤣

Yeah you’re right, we have bigger stuff to entertain…like real house wives, Instagram, trump, bam Magera and hunter Biden. Chill out buddy, enjoy what’s going on and the possibility that it might be true and we are not alone. Sound like a total glass half full downer.

Probably slim to none. My thought is Bob did his part, doesn’t give a shit and is happy to let this play out without his effort or participation. Then there are those that think he is lying and doesn’t want to get caught….so same outcome 😂

You have three high ranking military official stating it and congress actually seems to be taking it seriously asking for names and locations to further investigate.

The garbage disposal? Yeah, the breaker just tripped. For anyone who doesn’t know there is a small breaker inside most units located on the bottom, it’s a push button.

I dunno, man. Greer has been on some bullshit since I started my UFO journey in 04. I remember seeing videos of him “summoning” UFOs and it was total BS.

I think there is going to be a lot of this to do after its all said & done.

If Bob is right, then we’d have to reevaluate our entire understanding of all of human history as well. Non human craft as an archeological dig?? Bananas.

not sure it is bandwagon to dislike <lazar> it was certainly the opposite, there was way more of an echo-chamber of "yea dude! I remember listening to him talk in the 90s and he is totally legit!" without doing any research into the man and his claims.

It's much better to be extra skeptical than extra accepting of third party info.

Grusch can be 100% correct and we can still hate Bob and call him a grifter that never actually did the things he said he did, and didn't see the things he said he saw. One does not connect to the other.

We've never had a right to discredit Bob. We are literally the product of disinformation that these .Gov departments black budgeted for.

Disinformation campaigns work wonders

Although I’ve been a believer since the 80’s, I’ve only been a ufo member for a couple months. I had no idea he was being shit on here…. The only thing I didn’t like about Bob was the lack of scholastic proof, ie, couldn’t remember teachers, no class photos, or any photos in his yearbook, ect….

alive shocking thumb quicksand deserted ghost money worm sparkle shelter ` this message was mass deleted/edited with redact.dev `

Jesus christ you guys are getting indoctrinated. believe me i want to belive too, but this guy [lazar] is a total charlatan.

He can't be fully telling the truth...he's been caught in too many lies. See https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/oyxuok/bob_lazars_story_is_it_believable_here_is_some_of/. So, Bob's story cannot be accepted "as is". Stanton Friedman said it best. That still leaves open the possibility that Bob was privy to (or overheard) some information or rumors about UFO reverse-engineering programs, and just decided to make up an entire story surrounding it.

Social media will never change. You can't really stop emotion being the strongest motivator to speak up and make comments, and the only reason to get emotional over Bob Lazar is if you're completely convinced he's a grifter, so that's the loudest crowd more often than not.

you know theres shills embedded in these threads. misinformation is a bedrock tenet of the CIA

Lazar has been shown to be a liar and a fraud, years ago. If he's telling the truth, let him produce a sample of the supposedly solid, alien Element 115 he has heavily alluded to having stashed somewhere, submit samples to various universities and labs for analysis, and if it's what he claims it is, then I'll give him another look.

Speak for yourself.

It Bob turns out to be right, he's absolutely vindicated. But your comment seems to hint that we should not criticize certain figures. I disagree, this community needs skepticism, or else it loses some credibility. Bob's story has a lot holes, and maybe we'll get data to fill in those holes, but until then, I think it's healthy for the community to be skeptical of Bob while still exploring his claims.

People follow the crowd, most on here likely don’t even know his full story and whoever they are tried everything they could to take him down.

Agreed 10000000000%

I don’t need vindication for that evaluation. It’s clear as day. In fact, I’m still on the fence with Bob, but the constant character assassinations are tiring, and frankly not as relevant as people think they are.

Do you like piling-on, bandwagoning and forming opinions with not much thought? Come on down to Reddit where no one knows your identity, age or level of experience.

This is reddit, bandwagon is "its" thing. :/

It’s like with Greer. Because he’s far from perfect, we shoul villianize him despite his decades of work facilitating disclosure. /s

What is this ‘if’ bullshit? FFS what is it going to take?

Why is it alarming though? Is it so hard to phantom that people want proof? I dont care about what someone testified they saw. If you're going to put your career/life on the line, show some real shit. We all know that undeniable proof would change the world, but no one has that. Go big or go home.

It’s not that alarming. There are a million people, all with different experiences. Any time there is a hive mind it is bad, pro UFO or anti UFO.

That's a very big "IF" in your hypothetical

yeah the recent thread about Steven Greer was suspiciously negative

Lol, I think it would be a little bigger than this sub... The whole world would have to re evaluate everything.

If this is true we need to take a look at element 115 again.

For real. I don't have any strong opinions either way with Lazar but I made a joke that reffered to Lazar and Grusch and someone was like, don't even compare them, Lazar is a known fraud. Then I asked, aren't they basically claiming the same thing? Usa has ufos and Aliens are real and being kept from the public? "No Lazar said he saw one and Grusch only had second hand info" not really understanding their point or if they have one. Very biased and exaggerated opinions about him that's for sure. If he was making it all up its interesting how closely his claims align with Grusch?

Absolutely, 100%. So many people written off as crazy liars, or grifters. The latest congressional hearing converted me from a fence sitting skeptic to a full believer, and is forcing me to reevaluate everything I had written off in the past as crazy or impossible. It was so hard for me to believe the government could keep such a big secret, but they didn't. So easy to believe that believers were gullible or grifters, but they weren't. Turns out I'm a fucking know it all idiot, and have been smugly accepting lies, coverups, and disinformation while knee-jerk rejecting the truth...

Why? Skepticism is really healthy.

>If

If the truth is coming out it actually means that the entire science and tech community has spent a half century lying to us about the makeup of the physics of our universe and the various subdivisions of it. They spent years lying about global warming when these vehicles contained the science to revolutionize the energy needs of the entire Planet through zero point energy. Our entire system is based on lies and done to control us through fear and wars.

I think there will be so many come to Jesus moments thru all of this we are going to actually become forgiving, for once. Maybe

One of the bad takes of all time

You mean the way some people bandwagon fanboy on accepting everything Bob said at face value? There are many holes in what Bob has said that people have a reason to be skeptical of what comes out of his mouth.

Abductee reparations for nhi child hybrid victims?

Or, rightly, call out gatekeeping idiots who kept more people from helping sooner.

Its not bandwagoning when the evidence contradicting a claim is overwhelming, in this case Bob Lazars story.

We'll have to reevaulate the name of this sub too. I propose renaming it to 'FO' - Flying Objects.

We'll need to reevaluate the name of this sub too, since they're no longer unidentified. 'Flying Objects' perhaps?

I’m careful who I trust. But I’m equally careful who I distrust.

I think a lot of "those people" are in the employment of three letter agencies. They're just trolling.

That is true. I mean, personally I am a skeptic, I don't take neither Grusch's nor Lazar's claims seriously. That said, I found very odd that many (perhaps most) people around here hail Grusch as a Jesus-like figure while Lazar is considered a fraud, when they are both telling the same story which overlap one another perfectly. Why is there such a hard line between these two? I don't quite get it. Even Colthart discredits Lazar quickly and wholly, while he treats Grusch as some sort of saint.

I don’t know if it’s alarming. I think everyone who’s been into this a long time has been kinda burned out and getting fed up with unsubstantiated claims is part of that

In light of what we are seeing happening, it would seem appropriate to ask Bob to come forward - he should be given his day before Congress.

Two things can be true. Some people are truthful, some are full of shit. I think it’ll change our perspective going forward, but harder to reflect on past cases as we just can’t prove things. No one has had evidence, even now.

People who hope someone is vindicated just because it might make them feel better, not because it's actually based on compelling evidence are on another type of copium altogether

My ass is ready. In the meanwhile, I'll say Bob will never be vindicated because none of it is true. 🤷‍♂️

shoving things up someone's ass always struck me as an odd threat.

God this is so true. Damn you Furstenau!

The only teachers name I remember is my year 6 teacher, I remember the tits of my yeah 7 English teacher though.

95 is when Lazar started working with Robert Bigelow, of Bigelow Aerospace, who would later go on to donate significant amounts of money to Harry Reid. Harry Reid then created AAWSAP, which became AATIP. Bigelow also bought skinwalker ranch. After Harry Reid created AAWSAP, he gave the gov contracts to Bigelow Aerospace. Bigelow then hired a couple people (Colm Kelleher and James Lacatski) to start looking into UAP in accord with the AAWSAP government contract. When Kelleher and Lacatski were interviewing for program manager, David Fravor was looking for a job... and came to interview for them (this was in 2008). Kelleher and Lacatski would go on to pen a few books about Skinwalker ranch with George Knapp. Bigelow and Knapp are longtime friends. George Knapp hosts the Weaponized podcast with Jeremy Corbell. Knapp and Corbell were both seated behind Grusch at the house hearing. I'm making this comment because I created a throwaway account and would like to make a post on r/UFOs that describes how a lot of these people are connected. It is pretty interesting stuff

I really wonder if part of the crap these people get thrown at them is essentially a large number of people experiencing the stages of denial. When something significant happens to us we tend to initially deflect and maybe take it out on the messenger, perhaps the number of people giving crap is just a demonstration of how legitimate his accounts sound to people?

There is literally no reason to believe him, still.

I graduated with a grad degree from a highly accredited university only 6 months ago, and I always thought it odd that Lazar couldn't recall the names of his professors, until I challenged myself to do the same. I can't recall the name of a single professor I had for the 26 months, except the moron whom taught my AI class. Touhid was a tool..

Sometimes I think he exaggerated his credentials to get a job there but also actually did the job he describes.

Yeah, I think he got handcuffed to a lie about his educational background a long time ago, and has made the calculation that admitting that falsehood would discredit his other claims, so he chooses to stay the course. Although it does hurt his credibility, it doesn't mean that other elements of his story can't be true. It's also why we eventually needed a highly credible Grusch-like figure to be the spearhead for disclosure.

I'm with you. I lean towards him not being legit, but I'd love to be wrong.

I think it’s likely he was on the periphery of a project or projects and either fell for a disinfo trap or, more likely, embellished a lot to make for a better narrative. He’s definitely not a PhD level researcher. Believers get huffy about that, but he isn’t. He just doesn’t talk about science like a doctoral level researcher. And yes, we can tell.

Not this [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/JoeRogan/comments/mn8urg/why_does_rogan_believe_bob_lazar/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=1)?

He has never one time demonstrated the type of knowledge one would have with the education he claims. I have made this public before, and I am making it public again... BOB! I will buy you the white board and dry erase marker. I will buy you the web cam. Do ONE high level math problem live on youtube. ONE. If you can, I'll issue a public, and genuine apology on camera for doubting you and you can all laugh at my fat ugly face.

you don’t think the government could erase that? 😂

They needed someone who thought outside the box hence, why they used him.

Didn't' the infamous EBO scientist that claimed to have studied the Greys only have like a PHD or something? It's possible they recruit people who are smart, but also not connected.

He did say, he thought they hired him because he thought outside the conventional way of physics ..education. It makes sense to have a brain that was unique and open minded from the groups understanding of physics.Companies hire in this approach more common than you might think.

He understands physics. I've shown his claims to my father (highly respected physic teacher). He wasn't impressed by the claims in themselves but said it wasn't impossible nor stupid.

This is where I am. I think there's a chance he's legitimate and am 100% willing to give him a fair reevaluation as more info comes to light, but it's hard to ignore certain parts of his story that seem to clearly be at odds with the truth. On the other hand, the government has also lied about him, so that leaves us in a bit of quandary. All that being said, Joe Rogan has repeatedly said that he knows more about Lazar's connection to MIT, and that it "makes sense" but also has something horrible associated with it, which is part of the reason Lazar doesn't really talk about it. I don't know if I buy that, but I am really curious what the full story is.

He could have lied on his resume to get accepted into the program. So even if he doesn't have the degrees he claims to have doesn't mean he wasn't working on these secret programs.

Honest question, would you say your education and or knowledge of physics is above or equal to his?

[deleted]

And therein lies the problem our intelligence agencies have to deal with. It’s against the law for the CIA to run intelligence operations against American citizens. If they did in fact run a counterintelligence operation regarding Bob, they have to explain in great detail who made the decisions, and why; either way, they committed a crime.

More right about what? There’s been no real evidence. Only bad videos.

Peak nonsense. I doubt Delonge still believes Lazar—his trusted advisor [Chris Mellon went into detail undressing Lazar's claims in his JRE interview](https://youtu.be/K9qF687OZho). Convenient that Lazar supporters never address this information.

Do you believe everything Tom says? To me he started to say absolutely crazy shit at some point and I stopped listening.

All the top investigators believe Lazar.

> Without Lazar, who's to say that TTSA/Mellon/Elizondo/Stratton had been able to craft a plan so that a Grusch character could reign in this period of disclosure. TTSA/Mellon/Elizondo didn't need Lazar to reveal and leak what they did to the public. They had access to videos confirmed by other DOD sensors of hundreds of UFOs sighted by military personnel. Their leaks of the now well-known fighter jet UFO videos and related information that led to a Pentagon spokeswoman to confirm that they are authentic UAPs, and after that interest by the public and Congress snowballed - leading to the UFO hearings the next year'; with passage of a bill at end of year to give whistleblowers immunity from breaking their secrecy oaths; leading to this weeks UFO hearings with Grush. Lazar wasn't a player in this scenario at all.

>FWIW Lazar has, ever since his first public statements, been more right about the UFO matter than 99% of people on the planet. Like what? Do we have any evidence at all?

No, the feds raided his house because he sold thallium to someone through his United Nuclear website, which was linked to an alleged murder.

He knew everyone always says "where is the hard evidence" but once he had it he realised it would be something he would definitely be killed for, not something he could shove in the public's faces. Then he must have got rid of it somehow in a way they never seen him do. Perhaps via someone else like Knapp to be passed down a chain and leaked once Lazar is dead, as any time before that it would be immediately known it is from the one guy who ever got away with any

What would it take? Recorded video from the 80’s of Bob climbing into a UAP to study it? At what point do you say to yourself “maybe Bob isn’t a perfect person, but isn’t lying about what he saw”

> saw a video stating how they these people work on these crafts, each person has their own job/role part of ship to work on, so the others don't even know what everyone else is doing.> exactly what bob said! hundreds of people who have worked on classified projects have described over years how these jobs are compartmentalized Lazar isn't the only one describing that. He could easily have read about it and regurgitated it.

> repackaged ufo lore for a quick buck Where's this money source for Bob Lazar? > He gets random migraines on demand whenever he gets asked tough questions on long interviews, I wonder why? Er, he went into the Joe Rogan interview with a migraine. He ended up elaborating on everything as the interview progressed, so I feel this is a dishonest take from you. > He didn’t want to testify to congress under oath, I wonder why? If that's *actually* true and you can back that up, then it's likely because of people like you won't stop harassing and attempting character assassination on a daily basis, for decades, and I imagine he's tired of it as anyone would be. My guess is it's no longer worth it, especially now that he can just let others pick up the torch like what's happening right now.

These people have so much invested in their beliefs, nothing is gonna convince them of the opposite. Their hypothesis is unfalsifiable

How do I delete someone else's comment?

You had me going!

I'm giving this an upvote, even though I feel like I could be arrested for doing so.

I got nervous for a sec thinking Mr. Eth wouldn't have been able to subdue the child!

....but it turns out it wasn't Ethan Klein. No, next thing you know, I look over to him, and I see an eight-story tall crustacean from the Paleozoic era and I says "God damnit monstah! I ain't givin you no got-damned tree fiddy!!"

What parts exactly align with Grushs story? I mean, besides "the government has alien craft". What are specific similarities?

Why do people act like bob doesn't have a science store called united nuclear which had massive sales after he went on rogan? People act like he can't profit off of this, he legit sells [merch](https://unitednuclear.com/area-51-c-86/).

$$$$$ He certainly wouldn’t be the first and he won’t be the last.

I guess I'm thinking, Bob wins in any scenario. To wit-- Grusch is Right. "I've been saying this for years." Grusch was deceived. "Maybe we were both deceived." Grusch is lying. "Well, I'm not lying. Maybe he stole my story." It's all aces for Bob.

Where you live?

haha same. Selling tall tales is an ages-old profession. It takes grit to do it well.

[deleted]

I think you are using the word "right" very loosely. How many saucers are there? I mean, the current inventory of verified ones.

Chris Mellon said he heard that second hand from someone he knows, that he scanned badges or something. I think Chris is aware of the public controversy over Lazar and doesn’t want to publicly support him in case it detracts from the credibility of his own attestations. Privately, I think he would have a different opinion

If all records of where he went to college were covered up, why would he give testimony where he could be prosecuted for ‘lying’ about it?

I mean they shot at his car on the highway

>All Bob Lazar has ever done is repeat what other people had already claimed in the past. Who exactly and what were their claims?

Bro let’s keep it a buck, if you see a fucking ufo the LAST question on your mind is where is the toilet? The first handful of questions would be likely be much larger than asking about the menial functionality. Imagine assuming that some random ET race uses the restroom in a similar capacity as us 😂 They could process their bodily waste into thermal energy and gases ffs, WE DONT KNOW, YOU DONT KNOW….so why would you even assume any of those questions would be relevant? Pack up ya disinfo bag glow baby, and roll along.

Found the disinformation agent.

Thanks, I look at all information. Try to be objective even if you don't like it, which is what I try to stick to.

Don't just listen to people actually debunking this loser's bullshit, listen to our propaganda that ignores it!

That has to be one of the coolest, funniest things I've seen in awhile! Absolutely awesome!

This is fantastic lol thank you for that. Bout to listen to this on loop for the next 3 hours for work! &#x200B; or just continue to browse r/UFOs .

That song is fucking amazing. Listened to it three times in a row. It deserves its own thread!

Haha that's hilarious. Haven't seen that before. I just wish they called them gray instead of green!

Absolutely amazing!

This is great, thanks for sharing. I love the ending, ‘I’m from England, yeaah’

The "A" literaly mean Aerial...

conspiracy to alt right, very easy to see

If Bob made it up, which is extremely likely, he doesn't deserve the slightest bit of credit.

>…if disclosure happens and Grusch is validated so will Bobs story whether he was lying or not lol

Lol at whether he was lying or not. Fuck anyone who lies about this sort of stuff.

Personally I believe Grusch is telling the truth, but that does not automatically validate Lazars claims. Not by a long shot

He doesn't want anything to do with UFOs anymore......except going to UFO hearings.....and hanging out with UFO people......and making videos about UFOs.....and being in documentaries about UFOs.....and making merchandise about UFOs.....

pretty sure there's some conspiracy to alt right pipeline being worked on in here, all the right wing lunatics attached to this isn't a coincidence.

I swear Corbell or one of the losers associated with this fraud have funded astroturfing campaigns.

Same

But when you ask your university they will have records of you graduating. This is not the case for Lazar.

I don't care what you think.

In all seriousness it’s probably a mix of those two.

That's like me predicting tomorrow

You mean the element that had been theorized since the 60s and had zero properties Lazar said it did?

The periodic table goes up in increments of 1. 115 was guaranteed to be synthesized eventually. It’s not like it goes 90, 91, 93, and 92 is impossible.

Seriously did you watch it? It was like "so you said you were taken to S4. Was that by bus or something?" "This damn headache I can't answer that" I've worked hungover so often at Babies R Us back in the day. And yet I could work you through the many features of each crib on the floor. The interview was just so unhelpful to his claims

Right? And the more I think of it....why...why why why would these people come out and say this stuff? It is because it is real. It did happen. That's why their descriptions are so detailed and specific. These people have nothing to gain and everything to lose by coming out and saying these things. So there is no incentive or motivation to speak publicly, other than to get the truth and experience out there. There is no fame or money or prestige that comes with being a public witness. These folks aren't rollingkn millions of dollars in sensationalism. They are just regular folks who had an experience that legit happened. One of the hardest things to do, is to get people to listen. And I mean really listen. Like being in a band, it's hard to get people to really listen to your music. I think it's similar to a UAP or UFO witness.....the majority of people do not want to listen. Be we do.

What con is he attempting here and what is his motive?

Watch and listen to all the content here then decide for yourself like I did. This man isn’t a con https://youtube.com/@Lazarium

[removed]

No he's legitimate businessman that was targeted by the government in the same way they are attacking Grusch right now

Allegedly

No, I believed Bob Lazar back when he first told about what the US was doing with the beings and the UFOs/UAPs. He was never the con artist. Our govt,however is FULL of con artists and liars!

Oh he cares... Look at that big fat grin on his face :D

this does REALLY feel like the type of thing to be put on a bumper sticker in a few years when the truth is revealed as a sort of fuck you, told you so to everyone. Kinda like the “come and take it” sticker. Lowkey tho, sign me up cuz i also want this 💀

This sub changed a lot over the last years. Lazar being a fraud used to be the wide majority's opinion. But there has been a concentrated effort to get this charlatan back into the limelight after Stanton Friedman's death and unfortunately the UFO crowd has a tendency to be very gullible.

That is why i commented, what the hell is going on with this massive flip flop? lol

Desperate fanboys who have fallen from Lazar's story because they lack critical thinking, looking for anything that even remotely validates Bob's story. The man refused to testify, enough said.

I have no clue about it, I don’t know enough about him or the validity of his claims. But if their is a once in a lifetime chance to get the story out and I was already harassed or abused by people I would absolutely go out fighting That’s my opinion, I would go on the record and not celebrate on social media. Because as of right now nothing is confirmed, theirs still a long way to go

No I do not. He has an obligation to fulfill.

What does that have to do with Bob?

Bob didn't write the "Government Bible", he was tasked with reading it \[the folders\], before joining his partner in the lab, Barry... Bob stated that he didn't know if the information contained within, was entirely truthful, or not, as he had no way of verifying most of it. stop with ill-informed, made-up bullshit.

I don’t give a flying fuck about any of the people you just named. I just laugh at everyone thinking that literally anything has happened… nothing has happened. No evidence has been presented. Nobody with first hand knowledge of fucking anything has testified anywhere to anyone about anything. It’s a silly circus and somewhere there are a bunch of guys laughing their asses off that Grusch believed the bullshit they told him.

Lol,

Dude went on Rogan who gave him lay up after lay up and still got a “migraine” and couldn’t expound upon a damn thing. The bullshit meter is dinging, he’s a fraud There is so disinformation because there was no information from Bob’s side to begin with lmao

Ah yes, the government absolutely rounded up every academic record, year book those years, any club pictures or academic research papers he would have certainly been a part of, program itineraries, all mailing records for his apartment in Massachusetts, silenced all teachers, students, neighbors, paystubs from any where he worked, forged thousands of court records for his bankruptcy trials, etc. Or maybe he just lied about it?

What would be easier: erasing electronic records stored in some databases, or erasing every single scrap of printed material that might have *any* reference to Lazar. We're talking hard copies of transcripts, academic work, enrollment forms, grade books, tuition records, library records, etc. You think the MIB would go hunt down and confiscate from every one of his classmates and professors every shred of paper that might connect Lazar to these institutions?

[removed]

Hi, E115_infetterence. Thanks for contributing. However, your [comment](https://old.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/15c5li3/-/jtv402t/) was removed from /r/UFOs. > Rule 1: Follow the Standards of Civility > * No trolling or being disruptive.> * No insults or personal attacks.> * No accusations that other users are shills.> * No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation.> * No harassment, threats, or advocating violence.> * No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible)> * You may attack each other's ideas, not each other. Please refer to our [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/about/rules/) for more information. This moderator action may be appealed. We welcome the opportunity to work with you to address its reason for removal. [Message the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/ufos) to launch your appeal.

https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/oyxuok/bob_lazars_story_is_it_believable_here_is_some_of/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=1

Because Grusch can back up his claims and Lazar can’t. In fact Lazar has lied many times about things that are easily verifiable, and failed to put his money where his mouth is when given the opportunity. Are you suggesting we just look past this, simply because Lazar made some claims that literally anyone who knows anything about UFO lore, or has picked up a sci-fi book, could make? If you don’t care about what’s true or not then there is no point in engaging in discussion. You’ll never get to the bottom of anything.

[removed]

[deleted]

No, Grusch seems legit, but I don’t have any private info on him. I just learned about Lazar on extremely good authority in the mid 90s. Wish I could say more.

Oh that's a lot better! I was imagining a whole scene where the wife/girlfriend got sick of you talking about aliens and tried to tell you its not working anymore while you were clipping Bob Lazar! 😅😂😂

Haha excellent! :) You can just see "isn't working" in the top of the screen at one point in the video so I was hoping you got it working again :) Cheers Mate! :)

Yup. Greer, in my opinion, is one of the least credible people on this subject and his high participation in it muddies the waters. I don't believe any of these people hook line and sinker but if I had to rank them in believability I place Greer very low, lower than Bob Lazar.

A lot of apologies will need to be made to witnesses, possible abductees, etc. The American government has made it their business to ruin lives to hide their dirty laundry and bad behavior.

Yes, I'm waiting to order my Sport Model homebuilt kit from Bob.

Now we are aware, the mods have a goverment disinformation project or two to combat in the open.

The flipside is if this turns out to be another nothing burger then UFO disclosure is truly dead...

How many "debunked hoaxes" have actually been the real deal all of this time? Lazar might be one, he surely lied about his education, but I can imagine they would hire an out of the box thinker like him and see if he figures something out? And something like Skinny Bob, I was sure it is just CGI, but maybe it is actually legit?

I'm new to this sub and aren't aware of which UFO stories are considered most plausible or credible, or which narratives that explain the phenomenon most accurately. Could you link this guy's claim for me? And/or give me a direction to investigate further?

But it makes perfect sense about the archeological dig. Would further reinforce my assumption that these beings have been here since at least the start of our species. I don't care if they are doing their thing. I just want to be sure they are non hostile.

Right , then you add in that Lue Elizondo says things like "what if everything your taught in Sunday school or the formal education system etc. Isn't actually the truth " (sorry for the paraphrase) what if evolution is bull shit maybe Darwin was wrong, and we came here from somwhere else , the craft from the archaeological dig was the first humans here "Adam and Eve" if you will and there job was to try to populate the planet , now the Uaps are kind of like curators of the ancestors of the original "Adam and Eve" like zoo keepers, so our species stays thriving long enough to fuck up earth and move on to the next planet in the Goldie locks zone. hypothetically of course lol. What if that's why the mess with the nukes because they need this planet just as much as us ? I hope some day we all get answers so we can just stop having to ask stupid hypothetical questions like this and just have the truth once and for all 👍

Of all the name calling in this sub, people calling others skeptic, debunker, and shill is overwhelmingly the most common and it usually happens when someone simply starts asking questions. Like, “Why does Bob Lazar refuse to be interviewed with someone holding a degree in physics in the same room?”

No sorry that is not true people were absolutely horrid to Lazar up until very recently when things started like lining up. People calling him a pimp people calling him a liar and you know the guy has had the most interesting information about UFOs I've ever seen like nobody had information that detailed about it

No. You know what? It’s much better to investigate the claims and weigh up the balance. And not follow the pack of ravening wolves.

Bob has lied about his education. It's impossible for him to have gotten the degrees he claimed. He could be right about everything, but its been proven that he did not and could not have attended MIT.

Right now, we have as much physical evidence from Lazar as we do from Grusch--which is 0. I've never understood the hate for Lazar. He came across very genuine in Corbell's documentary and didn't seem to want attention at all.

People do things they don't have a right to do every day, millions. The question is was the vilification of him completely unwarranted or was he at least partially responsible for it himself, at least some of it. I'd suggest he answered that question in his response to this question. Possibly the single biggest day to date in the history of this topic and his first thought is strictly about himself. Before I get a barrage of downvotes not that that's a major consideration for me but I don't want to be misunderstood, I believe him. My only point is I think his own behavior which seems to be almost exclusively about himself brought some of this on himself by simply being unlikable at times. Hard to make a figurative martyr hero out of someone who comes off self absorbed and unlikeable. I'll concede if people had spent decades trying to discredit and harass me I doubt I'd be all that likeable but it doesn't contradict my first opinion.

What? Lazar is a proven liar.

Him not being able to keep his story straight works wonders.

Tbf I don't remember the names of most of my undergrad professors. In my current program, I can recall the names of around 3/4ths of the lecturers I've had. I have never nor ever intend to buy a yearbook. I didn't even wear makeup to my graduation ceremony (and I was visibly hungover). My mom was kind of mad about it

Thats cause lazar lied about the college he went to. I can name numerous students and teachers from my time in college and i was an introvert who spent most of my time in my dorm room.

He's already been proven to be a liar. So don't make any more excuses for him. Lazar has already been proven to be a liar: lying that he got degree from MIT: when, in fact, it was later learned that he only went to a community college: a place where people who aren't smart enough to get into college go after high school. And the community college was in California, not in New England where MIT is located. So this already points out two inconsistencies with his tale: he lied about his education, and he isn't smart enough to be a physicist: the physicist he said he was while working for Los Alamos Labs: the premier government-run Laboratory in the nation that included physicists who developed the atomic bomb. Someone not smart enough to get into a regular college would NEVER be hired to work as a physicist at this topmost research lab in the country. Besides this, he said element 115 was used for fuel in the alleged vehicle. Element 115 was discovered and synthesized a few years later. It was discovered it has a half-life of a split second - meaning it decays very quickly into a different element; so could not be used as a fuel. After this was discovered he gave the excuse that his alleged element 115 must have been an isotope of element 115 - a variant of an element with additional neutron(s} - that was more stable and long-lasting. This also points out that he was lying about working with element 115 - - - because its been well known for decades that mass spectrometers are used to detect what element(s) are in a material; and they always tell you what isotope of the element is in the sample; and that is always important information always included in the resulting description of the element. So, if he had worked with a stable isotope of element 115, that he gave the excuse it must have been - he would have already known that it was an isotope of element 115. But now, all of a sudden he says he didn't know that it was an isotope of element 115 - thats Obviously a lie, since any scientist who works with an element would know if its an isotope or not.So he's able to deceive the vast majority of people who don't have any scientific training. This, taken along with his lying about his education; plus that someone with a substandard community college education would Never be hired by the top research lab in the nation as a physicist - tells us that Bob Lazar an Absolute liar - but a Very Good Actor..

He did

Ugh so true. Why do I waste so much time here. When Apollo died I thought I’d spend less time but now I just put up with the shitty website. It’s an addiction.

You must be privy to some highly classified info, lol

Do you really think Congress would have submitted and passed the UAP bill, that takes eminent dominion over the material if they didn’t have a reason? Im glad your ass is ready.

Well it’s not literal lol, it’s like “See! Now you’re going to look at this evidence whether you like it or not!” An uncomfortable reality

Please make the post, what is the post title going to be? Can you crosspost it to other subs please?

Please make the post, barely anyone knows this info

Graduated in 2015 could probably name like 3 professors from my entire time in college. I remember many of them, but I'd have to look up names and find pictures to match up.

Me neither. But everyone else are experts at this

[deleted]

The only professor I can remember had the last name Butz. Remembered for obvious reasons.

Well, he actually gave names that ended up being names from a community college he attended. So did he "forget" or just lie? Seems obvious, why he would obfuscate.

Except I’ll bet you could sit down and have an intelligent conversation about what your degree was in, proving that you have the knowledge and skills of that degree. Try that with Bob Lazar and any real discussion about physics and engineering and he’ll suddenly start getting migraines and avoid the conversation.

I left college in 2006 and have no memory of any professor's name, no classmates names and almost no teachers from school. Lazar was there a long time before and only losers who can't grow up beyond being in school remember details

I've been to roughly 9 schools throughout my life (starting from Elementary up to Uni), I only recall the name of a single teacher.

Gutter is a tool

What? C'mon. I'm a big fan of ET's but I put Bob Lazar in the 'showed my friend but can't show you' category. Caltech and MIT are premier graduate schools for Physics and the faculty there are incredibly well known in the field. At minimum I would expect him to remember his research professor. Especially at MIT/Caltech where your research professor and work would be career defining. I understand forgetting about undergrad professors you had for 2/3months. But seriously, forgetting your primary professor at those schools is like forgetting you were taught music by Mozart.

I remember most… that was over a decade ago. 🤷

I graduated from college in 2008 and I remember the names of three of the profs from my community college and only one from my university. So, that's not great. As an added bonus, my high school class has a facebook group and I was looking through the members recently and I barely remember any of these people that I spent six years of my life with, lol.

Graduated in 2022 can't remember lol a few ones not all

went to college 4 years ago. Can't name a single teacher. Not one.

I have three college degrees and I only remember the names of my teachers in Community College and High School. I remember one because he was famous. Another because it was the same last name as my friend's and he was also famous. Grad school - NONE BS Degree - NONE Engineering School - NONE

Sure but you remember classes you took, and you remember who the professors are, you just don't remember a name. An example for me.> Oh yeah what was that history professors name? She was this super short african american woman that had super short hair and was balding a bit, overweight, and she would randomly interject her own lectures with a massive raise in volume that kept people engaged. She was also pretty cool that I retook her class to raise a D to a B+ and she didn't care (or notice) that I used the same essay on the impact of the tennis court oath on the french revolution. It doesn't matter that I can't recall her name in the moment. It's like he has zero contextual memories as well.

Less than 3 years for me. I can remember 2 I liked/worked for, and one motherfucker who didn't read my 20 page (minimum required) paper and gave two other students a's for a 7 and 9 page during an independent study. Still pissed.

Then your brain is shot. I can remember 3 from 20 years ago nevermind fellow cs major classmates.

To be honest. Anyone that thinks AI is anywhere near it's potential is a tool.

The thing is it’s easy to look it up.

I don't think I could remember any of my lecturers, having graduated in 2006, *but* I do remember a lot of the group I worked with during my PhD *and* I could easily list a bunch of people from my year, I'd be able to tell you the name of the dorms I was in in first year and I could intimately described the University. There are more questions here that he would volunteer answers to to prove himself here surely.

I mean, we've all lied on our resumes once or twice to get a good job, right? Lol

>Sometimes I think he exaggerated his credentials to get a job there but also actually did the job he describes. Thats not how people who get jobs are normally hired, especially at the top research lab in the nation with physicists who worked on the atomic bomb. The applicant's educational institution would be contacted to verify his grades and coursework. And since this is a US government lab doing top secret classified work, a background check would be required to obtain a top secret security clearance before they would ever allow him to work there. A security clearance requires investigation of a persons contacts - in in the neighborhoods where they lived during past years, their previous jobs, and their education - a thorough investigation. Therefore he could never have exaggerated his credentials to get a job at Los Alamos Labs, because the security clearance investigation would expose that lie. And someone with his sub-standard community college education (where people go who aren't smart enough to get into college) - would Never be hired as a physicist by the top research institution in the nation - with thousands of PhD physicists with degrees from the topmost Universities competing for physicist jobs at Los Alamos.

I think you're spot on

Great explanation. Who has'nt cheated a bit a some point. Well Grusch probably has'nt, and that's why he was the one who could do this

I'm pretty sure he backtracked on that when it was discovered. I think his story now is that he attended classes at MIT or wherever by sitting in on them on the down low with friends. It's quite the stretch but he seems like the type that may try and get away with something like that.

lol Dude has been lying for 30 years. Why anyone would listen to him about anything is very difficult for me to understand.

Maybe the government knew he was just a pop science guy who built a jet car and wanted people who think differently to help move the program forward. Then Bob showed them this idea was idiotic. I'm sure they have tried all sorts.

I'm sure he cares enough about your opinion to do this

A PhD is the highest achievement in classical education. What do you mean only a PhD?

Feel like that’s something that the government could easily fact check especially if it’s for something so secret

Well, he is at least appearing in these IG videos so he isn’t being a total recluse… I would still love to know, though, what Grusch knows and thinks about Lazar.

Take it from an old man, when you're 64 years old, you don't give a fuck about clearing your name and you don't care what people think about you.\\ In fact, testifying publicly won't bring any more peace to his life. His face and his history would be blasted and rehashed from decades ago. He'll end up being vindicated without ever take time out of his life to fly to Washington DC and talk with Congressmen. More so, the people that had destroyed his name, the military, had done such a good job that Lazar is far too "untrust worthy" from the public's perspective for the HOC and the SSCI to want him there. They purposely brought Grusch, Fravor and Graves because their record and credibility is impeccable. While I think there is a good chance Lazar was largely telling the truth, his history is far from impeccable. Lazar is a soft target for those gatekeepers that are attempting to halt disclosure.

He got a migraine.

Mellon totally doesn't undress Lazar's claims. He says *i'm a little skeptical* and that is based off of a 3rd hand source Mellon's friend claims that gal who is Lazar's supervisor at Area 51 claims that >Mellon: that he was a guy who checked radiation on badges that's it yeah and > >Rogan: so all the rest is fiction according to that story uh and this is a person that you know? > >Mellon: *Acknowledge* > >Rogan: Maybe that person's full of shit > >Mellon: maybe you know i i don't have the ground truth on this yeah but it's interesting he did falsify his educational records and he's been involved in some other things and uh Later in that snippet Mellon again says no ground truth after acknowledging consistency and something that looks like classified knowledge confirmed by Lazar's actions. On Tom believing Lazar, [here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-2DV7Cule0&t=52m6s) a quote from 1 year ago >how to merge your conscious and subconscious together to move objects with your mind and how that's going to relate to the propulsion system it's \[ \_\_ \] crazy your thought will move the craft \[*Other: so that's what bob lazar was talking about how they're building the the crafts was ours ..*\] the reason we all know about area 51 is because of him \[*Lazar*\]. > >My company to the stars put out his \[*Lazar*\] autobiography it's called dreamland it's rad yeah it's totally rad yeah and **I believe him I think he's telling the truth** Funnily enough, the youtube auto transcription is slightly off around this quote.

I thought he went off the rails in 2015. But he worked with both Elizondo and Mellon. Together they got everything rolling with the Dec 2017 leak. Elizondo and Mellon, maybe others as well, have planned and executed so that what we see going on right now can take place. When Tom talks about aliens, time and consciousness it's no longer insane to me. It's more like a high schooler explaining math to a kindergartener, because Tom et al have contemplated aliens for so much longer than we have. So yeah, few people hold more sway with me on aliens than DeLonge, he's earned it.

Stanton Friedman was a top UFO investigator, and he didn't believe Lazar - and 1st exposed some of his lies.

Big picture, do you think Lazar's story made Reid more or less likely to take this seriously. Without Reid hiring Elizondo, we'd not be here I think. And if you say less, that's cool. But the second anything "disproven" about Lazar's story turns out to be factual, there's an itch you can't scratch if you're Reid.

Lazar has already been proven to be a liar: lying that he got degree from MIT: when, in fact, it was later learned that he only went to a community college: a place where people who aren't smart enough to get into college go after high school. And the community college was in California, not in New England where MIT is located. So this already points out two inconsistencies with his tale: he lied about his education, and he isn't smart enough to be a physicist: the physicist he said he was while working for Los Alamos Labs: the premier government-run Laboratory in the nation that included physicists who developed the atomic bomb. Someone not smart enough to get into a regular college would NEVER be hired to work as a physicist at this topmost research lab in the country. Besides this, he said element 115 was used for fuel in the alleged vehicle. Element 115 was discovered and synthesized a few years later. It was discovered it has a half-life of a split second - meaning it decays very quickly into a different element; so could not be used as a fuel. After this was discovered he gave the excuse that his alleged element 115 must have been an isotope of element 115 - a variant of an element with additional neutron(s} - that was more stable and long-lasting. This also points out that he was lying about working with element 115 - - - because its been well known for decades that mass spectrometers are used to detect what element(s) are in a material; and they always tell you what isotope of the element is in the sample; and that is always important information always included in the resulting description of the element. So, if he had worked with a stable isotope of element 115, that he gave the excuse it must have been - he would have already known that it was an isotope of element 115. But now, all of a sudden he says he didn't know that it was an isotope of element 115 - thats Obviously a lie, since any scientist who works with an element would know if its an isotope or not.So he's able to deceive the vast majority of people who don't have any scientific training. This, taken along with his lying about his education; plus that someone with a substandard community college education would Never be hired by the top research lab in the nation as a physicist - tells us that Bob Lazar an Absolute liar - but a Very Good Actor.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmJLSuLmgdg

The joe Rogan migraine topic is a litmus test for gullibility. If you do t see it, there’s no point continuing the discussion, that is where we have to just disagree and move on. Sorry

Grush says the USA has downed NHI craft that are being reverse engineered. Lazar said he was employed to work on such craft, trying to reverse engineer them. The stories align.

The parts about the UAPs harming people that attempted to reverse-engineer them, IIRC.

Part of Lazar's story about how he came to be working on the project was that the guy who held the position before him was killed during some kind of experiment trying to examine or cut into part of the propulsion system that resulted in an explosion. One of Grush's claims is that individual(s) have been hurt or killed during the attempts to study, examine, and reverse engineer the UAP craft. It's adds another layer of plausibility to Lazar's story, at the very least.

How many millions you think he’s making off coffee cups and tshirts?

What’s wrong with making a little extra crash off an extraordinary event that happened in your life? People do it all the time with writing books and the likes…

You gonna impress me?

Of course we have. Unless he is lying, and he said this under oath as well, that he conducted a four year investigation internally with top clearance JUST to make sure he wasn't being fed bad information. Edit: Should also be added that it wasn't just testimony he provided as evidence, I believe he provided some documents, lists, and locations as well.

And they all based it from sightings in the 1940s who all based it from the history records going back thousands of years... yeah, the thousands of witnesses might be lying, just like people lie about seeing angels or demons. However, this story actually has the possibility of verification, that's what these hearings are all about

Don't think I've ever seen the word attestations. thanks for expanding my vocab.

It's a fun thing to see that those second hand allegations against Lazar are totally good for his haters, while a major witness like Grusch is not "firsthand knowledge"

Exactly. Bob owes nothing to this conversation anymore, and we are in good hands already with the current whistleblowers. At this point, you can simply choose to believe him or not. I choose to believe he was the first to feel the wrath of blowing your NDA, and they wrecked his credibility. And in regards to his legal woes in the past, he would be FAR from the first government employee or contractor to commit a crime

Colleges back then had year books. He wasn't in any of them All that says is he probably lied about his resume to get in to DOE work. From there he used his connections and local news popularity about fitting a jet engine into a car. EGG probably scooped him to see if he could add a different perspective to the reverse engineering problem as he had a high recommendation from a very senior scientist. Separately, Bigelow, a billionaire who's worked with Bob, says Bob is likely telling the truth, even after bob fucked him over on lab space. I believe Bob has lied about his credentials to get to where he went, and I believe he does have issues with his past. But I do believe he was there and a lot of what he was saying was true, or something he overheard in a brothel/bar near a51. Reality is we don't need to vindicate Bob. We have Grusch. Others will follow suit

Because they weren’t and he just lied about it. It’s been 30 years and this was all extensively investigated. Much of it by people who are absolutely invested in learning about the Phenomenon.

& they tried to run him off the road another time I believe, they wanted that man gone😭

Exactly, there really seems to be some commenters (plants) on here that are trying their damndest to discredit. Who awards this sort of thing after a congressional hearing was held on this exact thing.

I’d just like to let you know that glowie and glow baby originally was glow n****r and used by white supremacists. This isn’t a term that should be co-opted.

To an inquiring mind, these things would be very important, because the lack of a toilet would suggest that the aliens produce no bodily waste, which would make them more likely to be inorganic, or AI. The absence of an air supply, ventilation and extraction would further suggest that the occupant do no breathe. Not one word from Bob Lazar about that. Did he not notice? Where is anything stored in the craft? Perhaps equipment might have been removed by another team, but isn't Bob Lazar curious about alien tools? Perhaps there is no visible storage at all, but again Bob Lazar makes no comment. Perhaps tools are produced as required, Star Trek replicator style by the ship and reabsorbed when no longer needed, but Bob Lazar offers no speculation and will not until someone asks him about it, because *he didn't think of it.* Bob Lazar is a man who defrauded his friends and his own family, so I have no difficulty imagining that he might tell lies to strangers to make money.

Show me the damn evidence of Bob Lazar showing evidence. There is nothing. NOTHING! You've been taken-in by a faker, and if you look to Bob Lazar to lead you to truth and knowledge he'll lead you into the wilderness. This is an artist's impression of Billy Meier's "type 2 Pleiadian beamship": [https://www.crystalinks.com/BillySanjase.jpg](https://www.crystalinks.com/BillySanjase.jpg) This is Bob Lazar's "sport model": [https://www.gravitywarpdrive.com/Flying\_Disc\_Operational\_Specifications.htm](https://www.gravitywarpdrive.com/Flying_Disc_Operational_Specifications.htm)

UAP stands for Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena. i used to think it was Aerial too, but nope!

Yeah laugh but you have no argument to my statement because there is none, if he lied it changes nothing to what is currently going on with Grusch, Fravor and Graves. Other than you getting upset, and acting like a child it changes nothing to the current situation.

If Grusch is telling the truth and disclosure happens how does it not validate the major claim from Lazar that the US is reverse engineering UFOs? I mean they are the same general claims, right?

None of the things you mentioned is likely to invite more harassment or intimidation from the government, so that's a moot point. Try harder.

No doubt, it's easy to do.

Because it keeps you from having to think for yourself.. lol

Or he has holes everywhere in his stories.

He sells books and merch

Your comment doesn't seem to come from an enlightened mind either.

Hi, scottriviera. Thanks for contributing. However, your [comment](https://old.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/15c5li3/-/jtufdu8/) was removed from /r/UFOs. > Rule 1: Follow the Standards of Civility > * No trolling or being disruptive.> * No insults or personal attacks.> * No accusations that other users are shills.> * No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation.> * No harassment, threats, or advocating violence.> * No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible)> * You may attack each other's ideas, not each other. Please refer to our [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/about/rules/) for more information. This moderator action may be appealed. We welcome the opportunity to work with you to address its reason for removal. [Message the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/ufos) to launch your appeal.

And he fulfilled it and everyone called him a liar and ridiculed him. Even now still to this day, people ridicule him and call him a liar without any real proof to backup the claim that he's lying. Also tbh he had no obligation to do anything, if what he has said is true then he's just a scientist that was privately contracted into a black site project.

Would you reward him for this so called obligation? Maybe sponsor his trip, or make a gofundme page for him, to help mitigate the suffering he endured?

He owes you smug debunkers nothing

Does he though? Grusch, Graves, Fravor are all military personnel that took an oath to defend the constitution and serve the nation. Bob's just a scientist.

"The Lazar Tape... and Excerpts from the Government Bible" is literally the title of the tape that Lazar produced with Gene Huff. That is the title they chose. If you scroll to the end, it says "written, directed and produced by Bob Lazar and Gene Huff". Those are the titles Bob and Gene decided to create for the tape. He produced it and sold it for VHS, made money. Recorded on IMDB database: [https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8027166/](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8027166/) I remember watching it on VHS back in the days! Here is a wikipedia page that explains why we know for sure Zeta Reticuli binary system has no planets: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zeta\_Reticuli](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zeta_Reticuli) And this is the timestamp where he says "These beings are from Reticulum IV, which is the fourth planet out from Zeta Reticuli 2" [https://youtu.be/Fqd6kdg\_EaA?t=1986](https://youtu.be/Fqd6kdg_EaA?t=1986) &#x200B; What did I make up exactly?

Feel sorry for how upset you get over this. Have a nice night.

Remove wack job and I’ll approve the comment. Try to avoid saying stuff like that. Attack opinion not user.

I just think it's too easy to dismiss someones claims when we start going "ohhhh a headache". Which is a pretty standard thing when recalling stressful events. The only thing we can do, is wait until more of these hearings happen. If more information is released that further lines up with Bobs story and becomes verified alongside his claims, a headache won't be the major concern in terms of credibility.

Hey /u/environmental_dog331 I think you forgot to answer to this.

I said this to another comment and I want you to think about it. If disclosure happens and Grusch’s claims are true then everything Bob said would rightfully be true as well. Whether Bob made it up or not it would still be the reality that UFOs exist and our government has been hiding them. If Grusch turns out to be a liar, then it still stands that Bob story has no vindication.

[removed]

Maybe he was a sex maniac, who knows. Does that mean he is lying? I mean it’s a talking point for sure but it’s not a logical argument that leads to him making up an elaborate lie about ufos

If there’s nothing wrong with sex work, then why does it matter to you why he did it?

It might come to that point hahah I’m heavily invested. I mean of course there are liar and fakes out there but the ones that have similar accounts and have correlations can’t all be lying. There has to be some truth here. I also had a DMT experience that completely changed my life so that was a catalyst too

Hahah yep, took about a 5 minute phone call with the wife but she got there.

The hearing alluded to an active disinformation campaign. I bet Greer is a paid actor. Or worse. He’s not paid at all

Apologies will need to be made to all of humanity

I think it'd be funny if making an antigravity device is so unbelievably simple that we'll end up with functioning Lego models

I forget what company but ages ago one of the die-cast model companies made a Sport Model UFO based on Bob's description and drawings.

I personally want to be beamed up, I bet it feels like a combo of being on fire & the relief felt when taking a piss you’ve been holding forever. But I will gladly settle for a Lazar Off World Sport Model 🤗

If you want to hear the story from Bob's perspective, you should probably listen to his podcast episode with Joe Rogan. I think it's the easiest/accessible way to understand what his claims are.

I second the guy below this. Bobs interview on Joe Rogan Edit: *above. Robin

I never presumed to have the answer about how life happened on this planet, but I also never accepted Darwinism, or creationism completely. I’ve always thought about it as a mix of both. I’ve kinda just accepted not knowing, which I also believe is one of the healthier ways to ingest the conspiracy narrative, because if you dig deep enough, it touches every single part of our fake reality. A lot of the questions in your comment are “answered” as well, but again that’s if you dig deep enough. I don’t know your understanding of the conspiracy narrative, but if you want some crazy “what if’s”, keep looking, don’t turn away from the super crazy shit lol. So far it seems like reality is stranger than fiction.

Good thing an ACTUAL nuclear physicist and UFO researcher named Stanton Friedman did all that investigating decades ago and rationally picked apart Lazar so badly that Lazar waited until he passed away and a new generation of gullible people would buy his story unchallenged.

I did not see Lazar testify.

He got migraines when asked simple questions on Joe Rogan. His story about S-4 being located in Papoose Lake looks like total garbage from satellite imagery. I think he probably did work at some defence contractor, where he saw the hand measuring biometric device, but that being true doesn’t make his other claims true as well.

Yeah, it looks bad.. But, if you've ever worked on "top secret" projects for the government AS A CIVILIAN, you'll see that some people aren't hired/chosen based on their skills or aptitude.. They're hired because of their ability to acquire and maintain a "top secret" clearance.. Downvote all you want... It's the truth!

If he really is telling the truth about everything else, I wish he’d just come out and explain his education records

I’ve never once cared about MIT as it’s not mutually exclusive to wether or not he worked on the craft he said he did.

Can you explain his name being in the phonebook?

I agree on that, the problem is that since he told and did some stupid things didn't automatically mean he lied about his job at Area 51. That has always been the issue. No one has been able to prove he lied about that, actually the opposite. The few things that researchers has found out actually support his claims.

The guy blatantly lied about his educational background so when he's dishonest about "normal" facts then why would you take his fantastical claims at face value?

I know everyone keeps asking for physical evidence, but what do they want? Pictures? If this is as secret and secure as they claim it's not like you can somehow sneak out a piece of a ship through a security checkpoint, and a picture people would just instantly say "bro obv a fake". I think if this whole thing is legit it won't be easy to provide physical evidence.

Lazar comes from questionable provenance. I think most people would be happy to see him vindicated, but there’s too much background to implicitly trust him. Almost as if the community vets these personalities so they don’t get shredded by the wider public. Grush is another matter.

He's appeared on radio shows, podcasts, conventions and documentaries for the last 30 years... wadder we dune hair, b?

Grusch's entire career is public record and not in dispute, including his work with AARO. Bob can't even tell the truth about his education, yet you think he's telling the truth about working on alien craft?

He doesn’t want attention anymore, but was willing to star in a documentary about his take back in the 80s or 90s. Obviously when the grift is going on too long, you won’t any more attention.

You guys are so gullible. It's insane. People who are giving zero credence to Bob being a phony is absolutely insane. You guys need to be more skeptical, both ways. This is practically a religion now. Wild.

Lazar has already been proven to be a liar: lying that he got degree from MIT: when, in fact, it was later learned that he only went to a community college: a place where people who aren't smart enough to get into college go after high school. And the community college was in California, not in New England where MIT is located. So this already points out two inconsistencies with his tale: he lied about his education, and he isn't smart enough to be a physicist: the physicist he said he was while working for Los Alamos Labs: the premier government-run Laboratory in the nation that included physicists who developed the atomic bomb. Someone not smart enough to get into a regular college would NEVER be hired to work as a physicist at this topmost research lab in the country. Besides this, he said element 115 was used for fuel in the alleged vehicle. Element 115 was discovered and synthesized a few years later. It was discovered it has a half-life of a split second - meaning it decays very quickly into a different element; so could not be used as a fuel. After this was discovered he gave the excuse that his alleged element 115 must have been an isotope of element 115 - a variant of an element with additional neutron(s} - that was more stable and long-lasting. This also points out that he was lying about working with element 115 - - - because its been well known for decades that mass spectrometers are used to detect what element(s) are in a material; and they always tell you what isotope of the element is in the sample; and that is always important information always included in the resulting description of the element. So, if he had worked with a stable isotope of element 115, that he gave the excuse it must have been - he would have already known that it was an isotope of element 115. But now, all of a sudden he says he didn't know that it was an isotope of element 115 - thats Obviously a lie, since any scientist who works with an element would know if its an isotope or not.So he's able to deceive the vast majority of people who don't have any scientific training. This, taken along with his lying about his education; plus that someone with a substandard community college education would Never be hired by the top research lab in the nation as a physicist - tells us that Bob Lazar an Absolute liar - but a Very Good Actor.

Can you remember what part of the country you were living and what part of the decade it was you attended college? If so you are a step ahead of Lazar. To at least when he wrote his autobiography, he cannot seem to keep straight whether he attended Cal Tech and MIT back to back; MIT graduating in 82 before starting at LANL and getting sent back to Cal Tech by LANL in the mid 80s; or went to Cal tech before starting at LANL and getting send back to MIT by LANL in the mid 80s to "continue his education."

Oh shit I must have missed the part when Lazar testified under oath!

A lot of asses will need to be prepared.

uncomfortable indeed (coming from someone that doesn't believe bob, but is cautiously optomistc about grusch).

2004 here. I can't name any names. Or name a lot of people I was friends with.

Is it weird that I'm 42 and can still remember almost every teacher I've had from elementary through to highschool?... there's a couple I can't remember the names, but I can still see their faces.

This is what almost everyone says yet it's somehow a damning indictment of Lazar. People hold others to standards they do not meet themselves

I hope his first name was Seymore

Weird, I graduated 2007 and remember most names. And my memory is probably lowest among my peers. My wife remembers her high school teachers, college teachers and all.

And before Facebook and LinkedIn!

lol. Mozart? I went to MIT Sloan, one of the top business schools in the world. No Mozarts there. Not even a Salieri.

I wrote 25 papers, roughly 20,000 words each, in just over 2 years. You bet my brain is definitely shot. It was a blur. I never even met any classmates outside of class, to learn their names. I only had one TA twice. I think his name was Chad, he was the assistant prof.

All 5 times lol. I’ve lied to all my employers, honestly interviews are a proper test of one’s lying ability. I gotta agree with both of you, he definitely believes on what he’s saying and has been right about gravity being a wave

He allegedly cares about his credibility. Except there's plenty of saps still willing to believe him so...guess he doesn't need to.

It's implied in my comment but an established career beyond that, to be clear.

Any decent researcher has multiple post-docs. A phd is not the highest level, it is entry level as far as any researcher is concerned.

Der. Post docs and professors would like a word. Authors, researchers and Nobel fucking prize winners

Not back in the day. You just fake the documents and that's it.

Well Christopher Mellon thinks he's a phony.

If he didnt care, we wouldnt see him in this video. He cares, on some level.

I'm having a hard time finding anything on google, but can you tell me roughly what Tom says about consciousness?

I’ll pass, spin doctor, but thanks.

This is... Well. Not much. You realize that?

> that are being reverse engineered. Lazar said he was employed to work on such craft, trying to reverse engineer them. The stories alig yes but that wasn't a unique idea at the time Bob said it. The idea of reverse engineering crafts had already been in the public consciousness.

In the original news nation interview he also said he knows of a site with at least 12 craft, bob has always claimed there was 12 craft at s4, could be just a coincidence but at this stage the coincidences are stacking up pretty fast.

Grush talks about recovering crashed/downed craft. Lazar said that he didn't think any of the craft he saw had crashed at all. Note that Lazar changes his story almost every interview, so you can find a couple instances of him saying craft had crashed. But as recently as 2019 he said: "Clearly none of them crashed at all." See here for quotes: https://medium.com/@signalsintelligence/believing-bob-lazar-part-ii-a-consistent-story-7ada441955ba

The scientist he was replacing was allegedly involved in an accident that took the guys life. That's also part of Grusch's testimony.

Okay, so why isn't Bob in prison? Would he not have needed clearance to do this job and be sworn to secrecy? Yet he has been blabbing about it forever with zero repercussions besides being called a kook. None of it aligns with what Grusch was implying that people have been hurt or had their lives ruined to keep the secrets. A similar thing happened even during the hearing with Fravor. He's like "I've been treated really well" in regards to talking about his eyewitness stories. All of that runs counter to how serious Grusch talks about everything.

From his VHS tape? From the festival scam he did ? From coffee cups and shirts ? From the Lazar documentary’s? From the Corbell film? From the paid events? Around 2,6 million dollars so far that we can track related to his story

You laugh but there is a reason content creators sell merch. That shit makes bank. I don't think Lazar really did any of this for the money, but the dude has made at the very least a few thousand bucks. Not enough to make it worth it though.

Bob Lazar signed a cool poster of the UFO he saw that he sold to me for $25 and I framed it and hung it up. it is a cool piece of art that I have. I would much rather have him selling stuff like that then the crap doctor Greer tries to shift on people like ce5

;)

I was just thinking the exact same - attestations, it’s got a nice ring to it ;)

But he also was the first to be smart enough to show his face and say "if they kill me, you know why" It was a good insurance policy. Didnt seem to save epstein or mcafee but thats a different talk for a different sub

I wasn't in any of my high school yearbooks. But I went.

I’ve got 4 degrees and a masters and a phd…. I’m not in any of my college year books

I know a lot of people who aren’t in year books from back then. But they still went to and even graduated from high schools, colleges and universities. Yearbooks are voluntary.

So you’re saying Grusch is a liar? If not, you’re essentially saying “Fine ET are here. Crash retrieval is real. A government cover up has been going on for decades. BUT… Lazar is a fraud” Got it!

You have your opinion and I have mine. Good day sir

>It’s been 30 years and this was all extensively investigated. Much of it by people who are absolutely invested in learning about the Phenomenon. Yes, this is it. Lazar was effectively and reliably debunked 30 years ago. The only thing he brings to the UFO table today is a bad rep. We are better off without him.

I wasn’t aware, and wasn’t using it in that way as I’m not a supremacist of anything. I mean it as “disinformationist that likely works for, or is paid by, a 3 letter agency” Next time I’ll clarify that, since it seems that 4chan culture runs rampant in peoples minds. Sorry.

No, it started as schizo-posting standard kit and was later co-opted by the right. The term originated from Terry Davis, creator of Temple OS and patron saint of degenerate poltards. He was a paranoid schizophrenic and mad genius who jumped in front of a moving train to "clense himself".

I fact checked that: >In 2021, the U.S. government released for the first time an unclassified intelligence assessment of UAP’s (unidentified aerial phenomena). The report avoided use of the older term UFO (unidentified flying object) because of its association with unproven claims of extraterrestrial spacecraft sightings. UAP has been embraced as the official term, as it expresses a neutral position on the associated phenomena that remain an ongoing mystery. https://www.dictionary.com/browse/uap Care to share where you've see it otherwise?

So him potentially making it all up doesn’t matter to you? I love Grush, Fravor and Graves but their testimony does not prove Lazar is telling the truth

It’s an easy claim to make by *anybody,* and Lazar has said a lot of other wild shit beyond that. I don’t trust Lazar because literally nobody can verify anything he claims (such as schooling, that’s HUGE, at least one person should be able to verify they went to school with him)

So the documentary that supposedly had federal agents raiding his home looking for 151 wasn't inviting harassment? Neither was showing up at a UFO hearing that is ment to blow the whistle on the **same** government programs Bob allegedly exposed? Why is it that you're so irrational on this subject?

Don't worry I can make up my own mind I don't need someone like you to tell me what I am allowed to believe and what not ;)

So his con is selling books and merch. Got it. Just seems like odd motivation. So he devised this elaborate story and plan to sell merch about aliens. Sounds like the Yogurt from Space Balls business plan.

So anyone who makes money from this topic, whether they are a believer or a skeptic, should be dismissed?

And he waited about 30 years before selling a book. The looooooooong con

[removed]

What is wrong with him selling books or merchandise? The govt tried to totally discredit Mr. Lazar & said he was lying when he wasn’t! They made up things about him that weren’t true!

> without any real proof to backup the claim that he's lying. [Here is a 112 page report by danish space engineer Flemming Hansen that disproves Lazars stories ](https://radiolab-my.sharepoint.com/personal/fh_radiolab_dk/_layouts/15/onedrive.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Ffh%5Fradiolab%5Fdk%2FDocuments%2FShared%20with%20Everyone%2FAnalysis%5Fof%5Fthe%5FTechnology%5Fof%5Fthe%5FSports%5FModel%5FFlying%5FDisc%5Fissue%5F1%2Epdf&parent=%2Fpersonal%2Ffh%5Fradiolab%5Fdk%2FDocuments%2FShared%20with%20Everyone&ga=1)

Bob Lazar gets paid to speak and shills Area 51 merch. The idea he "just wants to move" is so false. Suffering, please, the guy is interested in UFOs and wants to be apart of it... so much so he lies about his involvement and stole stories from others in the UFO movement.

You got I’m upset from that? Lol okie-doke!

Absolutely , got carried away

The word “everything” there is doing a lot of heavy lifting.

[removed]

That's awesome!

Dude I just want my Matel Bright Pink Barbie Hoverboard man. Just that

Imagine an anti gravity lego death star!!

You can find some 3D prints of it on Etsy.

Testors Model Corp, formerly Hawk

Be careful what u wish for bud 😂

Insane this somehow is just lost in the shuffle, people who have been interested in the subject 4 years, get all info via podcast interviews, and lecture “naysayers” as disinformation. It’s turning into a cult of personality and UFOs/“aliens” are in the background. The least possible amount of research is rewarded now. Sorry I meant UAP, how naive of me.

> Good thing an ACTUAL nuclear physicist and UFO researcher named Stanton Friedman did all that investigating decades ago I do work in a couple of technical fields, and something I've noticed about people who DON'T have degrees is that they tend to be more open minded. For instance, I have a friend who's got a PHD, and anytime that someone comes up with a novel solution, he generally dismisses it out of hand. To a large extent, he believes there's only one way to do things: *the right way.* Naturally, this is a very tricky situation, because there are thousands of people who don't have degrees who are just fucking idiots. But there are definitely a fraction of those people who come up with novel and groundbreaking solutions, because they're both smart and willing to innovate. Gates and Jobs are an obvious example, one's a Harvard dropout, the other attended a liberal arts college in Portland.

You don't need a degree to say what Stanton said about Lazar. There was nothing scientific about what he said. He looked up phone books and spoke to professors. Not to say I do believe Lazar either. What would convince me Bob was lying is some evidence showing where he did work at the time he was supposidly at S4. What would convince me Lazar is telling the truth... I don't know honestly. Unless we discover element 115 does in fact fuel the propulsion, I'm not sure I'd ever be convinced he was legit either. I'm in that no-man's grey area with Lazar. Undecided.

Yup.

Can you point myself and others to the best source of this info? I don’t even know who Bob Lazar is but I’d like to know why I shouldn’t waste my time if possible.

I'm sure he had a headache.

[deleted]

So do those civilians you are referring to being hired also have recently resolved bankruptcies (normally a disqualifier) and have easily discoverable evidence of being a bigamist for 2 days?

There are too many things that Lazar did know about S4 and the dates/times of the testing to say he had no connection to what was going on there. Conversely, much of his verified employment and education, minus what he claims that just cannot be true, pretty much eliminates him as possibly working as a researcher for anything... much less a high level reverse engineering program. My theory on Lazar, based on the research done by Standon Friedman and others, is that he managed to work at S4 as a contracted radiation technician from Kirk-Meyer, which probably only required a secret clearance, as that is what he was doing when he was working at Los Alamos. I believe he ingratiated himself with some of the actual researchers there and found out some details about some of the work they were doing, but specifically the dates and times of some of the flight tests, which is what he was caught attempting to sneak in close and show off to his friend. I think believing he was about to go to jail, he took what he had learned and added some more imaginative details to and claimed to actually be a researcher and went to the press with what he thought would be a shocking enough story to gain traction. I think he thought that the government would drop their prosecution in order to keep from drawing attention to the program, which in essence worked. After that, he's just kept up the con since he figured he could make a few bucks on the side doing TV spots and selling his VHS tapes.

I think its at the heart of his credibility. He claims to be a physicist. Thats the reason he was recruited for his role in the program, allegedly, according to him. If he is, in fact, *not* a physicist... or hold any degrees in science, for that matter... I find it unlikely that he was ever approached to work on such a program. Your alternatives are that he tricked the government with his fake degrees, which is implausible but perhaps not impossible... or the government just said, *'Hey, you're a smart guy despite no real formal education and a checkered past. We'd like you to work on something for us.'* Now that I do find impossible.

Which phone book? You talking about the Los Alamos national lab phone book which had the initials K/M next to it, meaning Kirk-Meyer, the contractor he worked for?

I mean, you aren't going to be hired on as researcher without any real degrees or experience, unless there was an unbelievable failure on the government to miss it both during his hiring processing and the vetting for that *plus* acquiring the proper security clearance which can sometimes take years to complete. I could believe one of those things maybe happened, but not both. I think he may have worked in some capacity at S4, maybe adjacent to people on some sort of reverse engineering program. He probably had some inside information somehow, but his story as to how he got that info is far from the truth.

For it to be official, it has to come from official government sources right? Anything leaked or sneaked out in a quick snap pic would be discredited as fake regardless of how good it is. And we shouldn't forget we have hundreds of good videos of lights doing maneuvers, showing spooky lights without movement and also stationary big shapes that are not human design planes and helicopters/drones. Hundreds. Hundreds of good ones. There are even pictures of alien corpses but again we can't trust most of them, maybe none of them. But the aircraft are out there for anyone to see. We have to go back and revaluate many photos for wrong conclusions. There is a great website called ufobookcase very organized and simple with basic info about each of them. I like to browse it sometimes and some are too good to be true. That's what I hope to see coming from an official source soon, a big directory of ufo media to prove this is real beyond any doubt

Exactly. There is no evidence that would suffice for most people. I was a complete skeptic for 40 years that's switched to leaning heavily towards believing a few years ago but even I wouldn't accept a video or photo as definitive proof. You'd have to steal a UFO and crash it into Times Square for people to say, "oh shit... that's proof."

well except that bob said he had a piece of element 115 and misplace it... I like bob, i want to believe in his story, but that bit was bizarre, you manage to smuggle a possible extraterrestrial element out of S4 and you misplaced it?

People don't doubt that quasars exist, but who among us has ever seen or touched one? That might not be the best exampled, but my point is that there are many, many things that we believe in based on only the words of others.

Yea I know right? Asking to see an actual UFO is like asking to see the corpse of Osama Bin Laden. Ey, just gotta believe the US government xD The reason they won't show us anything is because its all bullshit \^ They couldn't even fake it if they tried. Because its gonna look way too human-made and not *Alien* at all. Forget Hollywood's and Bob's imaginations for a bit and think; Aliens out there created *interstellar travel* only to crash on Earth. Hilarious. Only humans would imagine something like that. And only humans would believe it. Not unlike religion. The bigger the lie the more they believe it.

People don't doubt that quasars exist, but who among us has ever seen or touched one? That might not be the best exampled, but my point is that there are many, many things that we believe in based on only the words of others.

Right. Even if there was pictures, nobody would believe it nowadays. Especially with so many potential pictures circulating

It wouldn't be easy, but that doesn't mean this is more credible because of that. It still means we're back to square one in "trust me bro" territory. And unfortunately there are still many incentives to lie.

I've always been of the mind that we have to be our own worst critics. We have to question everything, and not believe every thing people claim, this allows for people to come in and sell wild stories.

Here is the fundamental issue, Lazar can be 100% full of it, but large swaths of his story can also still be 100% true. Other than the element 115 powering the ship claim, just about everything he has said can be traced back to prior UFO lore. Hell in 1987, 2 years before gave his first Knapp interview, John Lear was on Knapp's show making the same claims about area 51. Lazar and all his baggage just brings down what other people said before Lazar and what people are claiming after Lazar when people try to shoehorn Lazar into the conversation.

Just to be fair to community colleges, lots of people go there because they can't afford to go to a 4 year college. Lots of people in community college could have easily gotten into a state university. I knew a guy who graduated highschool at 16 and did his first two years at a community college before finishing his degree at a state school, and he's a wealthy computer programmer now. Now that said, your point still stands that someone with a two year degree would not be hired as a physicist.

Or how about Lazar himself in an interview in dec of 1989 claimed he started as a technician at the lab? That is the wildest thing about the diehard Lazar supporters. This guy cannot keep his own story straight (or even be bothered to look up his own prior statements before making a new one) yet the supporters act like there is some massive disinformation campaign against him. Unless Lazar himself is part of the campaign against him, then there is no way to explain the contradictory statements coming directly from Lazar himself.

Anyone who has had any sort of security clearance (such as myself) knows that he's full of shit. Even for me to get a security clearance for an old job, I had to provide so much fucking information, references, they dug into my personal life, professional life, finances, I was run thru every single database you could imagine. They called and interviewed people I haven't spoke to in ages, they called my mom. It was crazy and it was a process that took over a year to complete. He'll they even wanted to know everywhere I've been and lived in the last decade rofl. I highly doubt someone like Bob would have been deemed acceptable for such a thing.

I can remember more names from grade school than college.

I mean I remember 2 teachers from k-12, my 5th grade teacher who gave 8 hours of homework a night and called me lazy even though i did all of it and advocated against my academic career in middle school, and my 9th grade homeroom teacher because she was 4'10" and stole 750k from old ladies. I remember the faces and styles of my fluid dynamics teacher because he was brilliant and did work on the fluid dynamics within the veins of the heart, and I remember the faces of the Boeing professors I took some of my work to after class to get their opinions on, but off the top of my head I can only name the 5th grade teacher. You have one hell of a memory.

You went to MIT so you would understand that MIT Physics has been a top program for whatever many years and is a powerhouse in research. The faculty is full of Nobel Prizes and if Lazar went there he would have remembered at least a singular name. Bob Lazar aside, ask people who have left academia/academic research, their first years will (annoyingly) be the same question. 'I went to ___ school, I was part of ____ lab and my PI was ____'.

What were the papers about?

Wait did he say that gravity was a wave before that was proved or theorized?

>he definitely believes on what he’s saying and has been right about gravity being a wave Just wait until the Photon Shell tech gets released ;) https://www.reddit.com/r/AnomalousEvidence/comments/14utg0i/photon_shells_antigravity/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=2

>he definitely believes on what he’s saying and has been right about gravity being a wave Lazar is NOT "right about gravity being a wave". Gravity IS Not a wave. Its been known since Isaac Newton in the 1600s that gravity is a steady state field, that decreases in intensity with distance from a mass according to the equation F = G m1 m2 / r^(2) And Einstein's General Relativity published in 1915, confirmed to be correct in thousands of observatons and experiments, expands on Newton's gravitational field equation to make it more general: also showing that gravity casued by a mass is a steady field: not a wave. You are probably confusing gravity with "gravitational waves". A mass that causes gravity doesn't produce gravitational waves. Gravitational waves are caused by black holes revolving around each other - the combination of their immense masses and motion around each other produces gravitational waves

Of education or profession? Saying a PhD is ho hum is silly. You're talking about elite people

Yea right. Those are professions not education. And Nobel prize winners are awards for professional achievement.

Unfortunately, deep sigh, I think he's talking about when he was on Joe Rogan's podcast. It's still to date the only fcking JRE episode I've seen in full, gross.

It controls what happens to you in life, and it's related to this wholo saga. Roughly. Again, would have shrugged it off, but if aliens and 80y coverups exist, I shouldn't make the same mistake of prejudging truth. It's from Steve-O interview. Just search transcription for consciousness. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-2DV7Cule0&t=27m](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-2DV7Cule0&t=27m) [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-2DV7Cule0&t=3850s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-2DV7Cule0&t=3850s) >led to was a profound discovery that consciousness again is what dictates physical everything

[removed]

It was always common lore. Before he came out with his claims there was a slew of fictional movies and books discussing study of captured UFOs. Flight of the Navigator comes to mind right off the bat.

WHAT?! Are you joking??? He came out in 1989. This was NOT common knowledge that is so disingenuous

Bob has always said 9 craft, never 12. Source: https://www.scribd.com/document/520486669/Lazar-Cut-Michael-Hesemann-Philip-Mantle-Beyond-Roswell-The-Alien-Autopsy-Film-Area-51-the-U-S-Government-Coverup-of-UFOs?secret\_password=6ijTEqUYovw7qUOSoV6G#

And a lot of people driven to his website, which is a large store front.

2.6 over 30 years is 90ish k a year, he has been living it up

Being forever immortalized in the ufo lexicon probably has a lot of appeal to people.

Do you really believe he optioned his movie rights, "after considering competing offers", for only a few thousand dollars?https://variety.com/1993/film/news/new-line-nabs-gov-t-ufo-scientist-pic-107712/amp/ The guy went from declaring bankruptcy to buying an abandoned missle silo with one of the screenwriters/producers of the failed new line movie within a decade. The idea he didn't make money off his story is just silly.

Holy shit a few thousand bucks in 40 years? That scoundrel!!

I was the vice president of my class and was arrested the day we took pictures for that and senior superlatives. I was drunk as fuck and got my second mui lo Still showed my name and I was still in the normal pictures though.

They aren’t mutually exclusive. You can actually believe Gorush, whose background is public record and has plenty of documentary evidence, and not believe the guy that pretty clearly lied about having a masters degree from MIT. Even if they both say “the US has UAP.” You actually dont have to believe them both.

The fact that not a single person has come out in 30 years and even been like “yeah we had lab together for a semester” despite over a half a decade of post-graduate schooling at two separate institutions is a fact. It’s not an opinion. I really don’t care about Bob or anyones thoughts on it, but believing that these hearings were an “I told you so” moment for his very specific story is just wild. The critiques of Bob were never even about UAP, which is what the hearing was about. It was the simple fact that his story doesn’t hold up to scrutiny because none of his supposed back story (or even role at Los Alamos) holds up to any real scrutiny either, and “well they just deleted all the records” doesn’t work as an excuse 30 years after the accusations. Especially in the light of actual whistleblowers coming forward. And I really meant that it’s a very crazy catch-22. The Lazar supporters will 100% believe he’s vindicated. People like me are now 100% convinced it was always just a very very good LARP. Both truly believe that lol

No don’t worry I don’t think you’re a white supremacist nor do I think anyone else does. Not that that even needs to be said, sorry. I’ve just noticed this term getting co-opted into ufo and conspiracy places…sometimes knowingly sometimes unknowingly. The term doesn’t come from 4chan, it comes from underground white supremacist groups. Kinda sucks cause it is a decent, like, term for something that does need a name. Also, you are using the term correctly and to mean the same thing. It’s an inside operative like a cop or fbi agent and they’re called that cause they’re so obvious they glow. But yeah original term unfortunately is glow n…. PS it actually does come from 4chan originally (to no one’s surprise heh) then co-opted by white supremacists groups. Imo, it’s not right to say the term was co-opted by the “alt right.” I am mostly familiar with it by stalking white supremacist groups

Well whatever the origin it sure as shit is a direct reference to the term “glow n****r” So yeah. Go on with yourself, but there’s no need to argue semantics about whether something is white supremacist or not when it uses that slur. I was hella wrong tho, and it does come from 4chan lole. I get the whole situation, … still definitely not a term we need to be co-opting. Especially not now. The only things that are supposed to leave 4chan is porn and greentext.

It's anomalous. It was recently changed from aerial to anomalous so that USOs are included

During the hearing edit: and [Chat GPT](https://i.imgur.com/1HWxdnd.png)

No it doesn’t matter one bit, his story is old news and will not help change anything. What was said was said, no reason to get upset anymore or invest so much emotion and hate. Talking about Lazar is just a talking point now, nothing more. The people that are current are the ones you listed. So no, I won’t get upset because in the end it wont matter and currently Bobs story doesn’t matter to the current cause. In fact it only muddies the water.

>So the documentary that supposedly had federal agents raiding his home looking for 151 wasn't inviting harassment? Lol I anticipated you'd cherry pick this one, except this was in the past, was he ever part of a documentary after that with such bold claims? No. >Neither was showing up at a UFO hearing that is ment to blow the whistle on the same government programs Bob allegedly exposed? If he's not making bold allegations like grusch, gov is unlikely to see him as a threat, so why should he be scared? >Why is it that you're so irrational on this subject? Looks like you're the one lacking critical thinking skills :)

Belief != truth

Of all the things Bob has done for a buck or two, this is one of the least concerning

People have done way, way weirder things for fame and money, however small

Yes and speeches at ufo conventions for decades, OH and Documentary sold to NETFLIX!!!!! lol. Nah, no money at all.

It’s more the fact that he’s been caught lying about so much. He didn’t work at any labs doing anything. He didn’t go to MIT or even his alleged high school. He wanted to make money telling stories, because that’s easier and more pleasant than alienated labor. He’s right about that. But all of his UFO stories, and his biography, are lies. He’s already been caught.

Quit making up lies to support your bias

Hi, Stove11. Thanks for contributing. However, your [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/15c5li3/-/jtufjn9/) was removed from /r/UFOs. > Rule 13: Public figures are generally defined as any person, organization, or group who has achieved notoriety or is well-known in society or ufology. “Toxic” is defined as any unreasonably rude or hateful content, threats, extreme obscenity, insults, and identity-based hate. Examples and more information can be found here: https://moderatehatespeech.com/framework/. Please refer to our [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/about/rules/) for more information. This moderator action may be appealed. We welcome the opportunity to work with you to address its reason for removal. [Message the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/ufos) to launch your appeal.

I need to sign into a microsoft account to open that which I won't do. If you have another link for it I'll take a look. But also I've seen a lot of the "proof" already that people come up with over the years. None of it truly disproves him. It may bring up questions and doubt but nothing fully disproves him.

Don't bring facts and logic here.

What a load of rubbish.

Unbiased observer here and it does seem like you're throwing a bit of a tantrum.

It happens 🤣

Oh come on you know what I mean

I don't think it was diecast though right ? it was a plastic model. I would love a classic diecast UFO

What do you think about Lue?

How about instead of shitting on people, educate them on the source? What can you recommend about the Stanton Friedman situation? I’ve never heard of this.

Just admit y'all are wrong already I do think there needs to be a Purge of this sub once the truth fully comes out and the people that have been wrong and maligning people for years can finally get their Just Desserts

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBdUg1h9XLU&list=PLYEH1FgVK_xrOZCU9v3LRsW14ViBJnESJ&index=8 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Lazar https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Robert_Lazar https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2v4rn4

Here you go, here's a whole list of unreliable people in the UFO field with links to why: https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/14zli7o/comment/jrzn6ar/

The biggest disqualifier for clearances? Debt and bankruptcy. Not drugs, hell even some people with felonies get clearances. But being bad with money shows long term bad decision making, poor judgment, impulsive tendencies, and more likely to a bribe. Lazar had multiple bankruptcies, a community college credit hours.

Maybe he was hired as a "patsy".. Who would obviously leak information due to his weak moral construct..

Or questions about his wifes death. I mean come on, the dude has lied numerous times about things. Use your brain people, at least entertain the idea this guy could be a grifter.

This seems like a reasonable take

Totally agree - I think Lazar's story is most likely a tall tale, exaggerating his own involvement and credentials, but possibly with kernels of truth woven in that he happened to overhear in his time at Los Alomos. I guess it's even possible he could have been targeted by insiders, as he claims, if he was spouting off actual classified intel in with the bullshit. Though from a disinformation perspective, they might even be grateful if someone as easily discredited as Bob were the mouthpiece.

Also, like most Cal-Tech trained physicists with a graduate degree from MIT, Lazar ran a brothel in Nevada. Some lonely scientist from Area 51 could have been a regular there and, dying to tell someone, spilled his guts to one of the ladies. In this way Bob could be full of shit, yet supplying correct information at the same time.

What I find more impossible is that you did personal work to prove he does not in fact hold a degree related to science from any college. Leave MIT out of it as I also do not believe he went there in a full capacity. But again, all I ask is to prove that he does not hold a degree of any type related to science from an accredited university. Can you prove this?

He's actually never confirmed if he has a piece of element 115 and he's never said he did and lost it. Not sure where your getting that from, though I believe he has hinted to some but he's never actually confirmed that in any way publicly.

its a stupid answer but if i had element 115 i would keep it and lie and say i lost it too

It’s not just words though. It’s the entire concept of peer-reviewed science. You can replicate the results taken to find and measure a quasar. That’s what is missing. We have words, we have video and measurements indicating *something* unusual is happening, but we have Jack-shit proving it’s aliens. A piece of something like Element 115 is exactly what it would take to begin to prove Lazar’s story and the presence of NHI. I feel like a lot of people in this community don’t understand the difference between photos and scientific evidence.

And Christopher Mellon addressed the element 115 claim on his JRE episode—he said it was theorized in a scientific journal in the months prior to Lazar's first mention.

But he was a garage tinkerer that put a jet engine on a motorbike!

Its an MBA. Each of the 12 classes were different. https://mitsloan.mit.edu/mba/explore-program

Yes sir. Stated gravity was a wave in the late 80s. At that time the prevailing belief was gravity is created by gravitrons…

You can't even get a job as a research professor without multiple post-docs. A phd can land you a lecturer position, but you'll never even get on a tenure track without a research position. Every professor I had for my engineering degree had multiple post doctorate degrees because you have to in order to get to that position.

It's from Steve-O interview: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-2DV7Cule0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-2DV7Cule0)

Hi, terroradagio. Thanks for contributing. However, your [comment](https://old.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/15c5li3/-/jtuyo3h/) was removed from /r/UFOs. > Rule 1: Follow the Standards of Civility > * No trolling or being disruptive.> * No insults or personal attacks.> * No accusations that other users are shills.> * No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation.> * No harassment, threats, or advocating violence.> * No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible)> * You may attack each other's ideas, not each other. Please refer to our [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/about/rules/) for more information. This moderator action may be appealed. We welcome the opportunity to work with you to address its reason for removal. [Message the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/ufos) to launch your appeal.

Aside from that, it’s just an obvious foregone conclusion. In any hypothetical scenario where a vehicle with advanced tech crashed and was recovered by the government, *of course* they would try to reverse engineer it.

Roswell was when? Yeah

Are you joking? Lear was on Knapp's show in 1987 talking about it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=LGQkkHuwm6w The "base" they are talking about is area 51. But I am sure it is just a coincidence that Lear was on Knapp's show making nearly identical claims to Lazar 2 years prior to Lazar becoming close friends with Lear and going on Knapp's show.

Well going with that 2.6m over 34 years (1989 unless someone can provide a good date for his nonsense catching on earlier.) $76,471.00 per year for being able to do what you love for 3 and half decades. Not a bad hustle. Now where that 2.6 million number came from I can't say, I'm just going with what's posted here. But it checks out as a money maker for little effort.

How do you feel about David fravor publicly going on record and backing Bob Lazar?

Ah, you believe Grusch. So you're essentially saying "People have been murdered due to a multi-trillion dollar global secret cover-up, but these agents aren't powerful enough to erase an MIT record in 1989." Got it!

What about the hearings convinced you bob's story was a larp?

I don't know how you guys can keep a straight face on denying everything with the way things are going. it's only going to get worse for you once more people come out, like the Colonel.

It’s cool, I’m not upset nor do I want you to be upset. It’s all good man

What it sounds like is you don't know much about the guy. He did all his media tours, got all the attention, **then** swore off the subject.....just to do a documentary about it years later. Now you're saying he "swore off" the subject *again*? Oh okay, it's not like he, i dunno, then went on the biggest podcast in history to talk about it, right?.....oh, he *did* do that. Well then. Let's just ignore that (I'm sure you'd be happy to): isn't your story that the government already saw him as a threat and did him damage of some sort? Presumably that's why he wanted to go under the radar, right?.....so you don't think the people torturing the guy over UFOs would have a problem with him galvanting around with UFO people, or going to a whistle-blower hearing about **that exact subject**? You're being a fool.

Did I say somewhere it's the truth? Believe whatever you want to girl, I couldn't care less, live and let live.

ok fair but when he came out with his story this was as good as killing your career and becoming viewed as a crazeee so idk about that the fact he later on cashed in on some incentives? nothing bad about it. his story is compelling.

What are you talking about?

That argument still doesn’t correlate. Just means it’s possible, which anything is. Curious if you can name a few of these people? Would be helpful for your argument to compare.

Ive heard this argument before. I think Corbell pushed him and seems like Corbell is on a mission. So if this is your logic may I ask, why didn’t he make a movie in the 80s, 90s, or 2000’s? Why wait almost 30 years to cash in? Try to give me a solid reason.

I was being sarcastic… I think it didn’t translate

I'm sorry, but its only been released on his website which uses sharepoint. If you don't even care to log in to read it, you probably wouldn't be convinced by it.

I'm sorry, what is a load of rubbish?

I’m starting to understand how you all could think that Aliens are real.

Explain to me why the two most prestigious science schools in the country have no record of him attending, while the one school that he does have evidence of attendance at is a community college in Woodland Hills. This guy is a joke.

Sorry if I came across as an asshole; at this point I feel defensive as every time I show any skepticism on anyone in the "good boy" list, its axes and daggers. Skepticism has always been the bedrock of this subject. Individual witnesses have financial and attention-seeking incentive to be dishonest as outside organizations have a history of lying and intentionally creating division. It feels like the newcomers do not appreciate that there are plenty of people who believe there is an aspect of the phenomenon going on, something here is real, and questioning new things is somehow a bad thing now, so my bad on being combative, im just used to this demonour online recently. Its worth noting, the majority of people who have been researching this subject for 10+ years do not tend to believe Lazar. Nonetheless a good place to start would be this "debate" with Stanton Friedman and Jermey Corbell. I think Corbell comes across childish and obnoxious here personally, but do not hate him like many do (not that this should matter whatsoever). I still keep the door open to the possibility that he's being honest, just lean towards him taking "current" ufo lore in the 80s and trying to place himself into it. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZVtTLkftmg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZVtTLkftmg)

I know right? People really lost their manners since the invention of talking shit anonymously. From what I can recall, Stanton did not pick apart anything on Lazar from a scientific perspective. He literally said he looked up phone books, year books, rosters and spoke with professors to discredit Lazars claims of his education. Which may be true. Fuck if I know. I'm undecided on Lazar. https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2v4rn4 If there's 1 thing I've learned, shit isn't so cut and dry and things aren't as they seem. So his missing education doesn't move the needle for me one way or the other. Lazar was raided, he did know certain information that wasn't readily available. He's no dummy. Perhaps they were desperate and needed some outside the box dude that they could easily discredit. I could see him lying or being legit. 🤷‍♂️

Bros gone purge happy because BL said ‘told ya so’, even though all he told you was UFO folklore.

Sounds like a really healthy echo chamber you got there as goal, really fosters critical thinking. Truly admirable. The part i think you’re missing, or there’s a misunderstanding, but among those that are skeptical about Lazar, they are not all necessarily throwing out the baby with the bath water. I personally believe there are legitimate instances of sightings/encounters and there has been a lot of good research for many years. Regarding this subject, it is best to always be skeptical. That doesn’t mean don’t believe anyone, but there has been a history of people caught lying (sometimes years later) and instances like what happened recently with Jacques Vallee. There was a pretty thorough debunking of the Trinity Case (from his most recent book), however I still hold him in the highest regard, and won’t ignore decades of contributions. Similarly with Stanton, I dont believe the validity of the MJ12 documents myself, but still trust Stanton's decades or research. The more you research, the more deceptive practices you see, but also the more legitimate information you encounter as well . Don’t assume someone skeptical about certain cases/people are just “haters”. This subject is far more complex and complicated than just 2020s disclosure talk, albeit very interesting itself. Ufos sightings did not begin with the Nimitz encounter, and people outside of Bob Lazar and Jeremy Corbell have been both researching and whistleblowing for over 50 years.

Rad, thanks!

Never heard of bob lazar before but he sounds sketchy as hell.

Dope, thanks!

[deleted]

Wasn’t he just a security guard who scanned staff badges?

Ok well there you go, that's shady too. Just more coy little insinuations. Pretty weird for a guy trying to blow the truth wide open.

That's like saying light is a wave and not caused by a particle

>he definitely believes on what he’s saying and has been right about gravity being a wave Lazar is NOT "right about gravity being a wave". Gravity IS Not a wave. Its been known since Isaac Newton in the 1600s that gravity is a steady state field, that decreases in intensity with distance from a mass according to the equation F = G m1 m2 / r^(2) And Einstein's General Relativity published in 1915, confirmed to be correct in thousands of observatons and experiments, expands on Newton's gravitational field equation to make it more general: also showing that gravity casued by a mass is a steady field: not a wave. You are probably confusing gravity with "gravitational waves". A mass that causes gravity doesn't produce gravitational waves. Gravitational waves are caused by black holes revolving around each other - the combination of their immense masses and motion around each other produces gravitational waves

Yea so we are talking about what? 15k people in a few year span? What is your field of engineering? My brother is a nuclear engineer who worked at Los Alamos after only a masters. He knew some others but if he was working on stuff as a masters degree it's hard for me to imagine legion, or lets say, 10, post docs working along side him. But maybe there is 25 PhDs and 25 post docs working there. No one cares about professors. They are literally the most self important useless wastes of space on the planet. What have they contributed to society? The competition is the way it is because its a useless position based on possible contribution where pretentious douche bags get paid to feel important. I can't tell you how many professors I have been friends with that thought they were doing important work, never realizing they are literally disposable. They would be super stoked to get a single article published in a prestigious journal, content that their life had meant something, all the while being entirely inconsequential. It's such a joke. We employ these ecosystems so true genius can rise out of it, but then we have all these imaginary geniuses that contribute nothing to society any drain resource but it's necessary in order to filter out the genius. That's the only purpose they serve. A bunch of b+ level athletes only serving to give context to the true standouts. That's that ecosystem.

[removed]

Show me some more links to substantiate your claims. i dont believe thats enough to prove your point also please remind me: when was George Knapp's show ever a conduit for "common knowledge in the public consciousness" because I guarantee I can walk around any populated area in this country or any other and ask 100 people probably 5 know or heard of lazar and I guarantee 0 know this guy. really far from "common knowledge in public consciousness"

Where that 2.6 mil figure comes from is somewhat important...

Like Fravor was unfortunately duped by a very well put together story like a bunch of other very intelligent people that I genuinely respect and many people on this board. It is what it is. There’s massive, unresolvable holes in his stated back story as to why he even got to see the UAP. The hearings certainly didn’t resolve that and they did not endorse his specific personal narrative of events.

not OP, but IMO if Grusch had backed Bob it would be incredibly meaningful because Grusch has first hand knowledge of people in the program and additional documentation that could validate what Bob said 40 years ago. Fravor on the other hand was an "experiencer" but doesn't have any additional background/inside info on "The Program" - at the hearing and in other interviews he was very clear to state that he didn't know more than what he experienced. He also has repeatedly stated, "I'm not a 'ufo guy'" - he's not out there talking about Zeta Reticuli. Given Fravor's connection to people in this space after he came forward it definitely made me raise an eyebrow when I watched that interview where he talked about Bob, but there is so much questionable shit around Lazar (even removing a disinfo factor, he is not a straight shooter) that he's going to need something first hand to come out that will let him say, "I told you so" I'll gladly admit I'm wrong on Bob if that happens, but Fravor backing him isn't going to cut it.

Because to cover up someone's entire academic history eventually devolves down to state and local governments, private institutions and private individuals where they would need to seize all records, all year books, any published academic work, work records, etc. I don't think a lot of people comprehend how insanely difficult or nearly impossible that would be. I know multiple people who work at LANL and Sandia, during their time as PhD students up until now as physicists and engineers there. You're working in labs with peers, your RAs/GAs, you're writing papers, you're usually part of one or many clubs... there is an incredibly large fingerprint. National Lab positions for grad and PhD students are highly competitive. They are doing internships there before graduation, they are doing research for their programs (creating a body of work) to land these jobs. Not only will you need this before taking a job there, you need this if you ever leave because 99% of what you're working on is classified. There is literally nothing other than Bob saying he went there, when he finally does remember the year, that he ever attended. So what is more likely, ONE man claims he went there but didn't OR the THOUSANDS of people required to remove all traces? The academic portion of his story isn't even the biggest problem. [I highly recommend reading some of the articles on him that go even more in-depth into why Lazar might not be the most trustworthy person.](https://medium.com/@signalsintelligence)

No I’m saying that no other evidence exists for it either beyond what Bob says.

Because we’re not “denying everything.” Why do Lazar stans think not believing one single dude means you literally “deny everything” lmao

That’s the vibe. See, I just posted this because it’s entertaining and interesting for the community. I welcome the view points of not believing Bob, but too many people are really angry at him and I for one can’t really understand why so much emotion goes into it, since his story doesn’t affect the current situation. All love brother!

>He did all his media tours, got all the attention, then swore off the subject.....just to do a documentary about it years later. Now you're saying he "swore off" the subject again? Show me where he said he "swore off" the subject? Don't grasp on straws my dude. He implied he wanted to lay low after having dealt with enough harassment. That doesn't mean he completely "swore off" the subject. He might still participate in events or podcasts as long as he doesn't divulge any secrets that might invite more harassment , which again is another reason why he didn't openly air the nature of his MIT work to the public and only shared with Rogan off air. >so you don't think the people torturing the guy over UFOs would have a problem with him galvanting around with UFO people, or going to a whistle-blower hearing about that exact subject? No, because he has decided not to divulge any classified info and secondly, as long as its not given under oath, they know many wouldn't take his words seriously, so they don't fear as much, and have no reason to intimidate him. And lastly, Bob is a public figure now, so if anything happens, it'll only raise more suspicions. You seem to be thinking in black and white, world is way more nuanced for that flawed thinking.

Cool so you understand your beliefs are baseless… I’m okay with that

Bob was arrested for operating a sex brothel in Las Vegas. Bob's first wife died within two days of Bob marrying a second woman. He told the police he was traveling for business during this time. It was later discovered that Bob in fact met and married his second wife days BEFORE his first wife committed suicide. Bob's home/office was raided due to the fact he was selling illegal volumes of radioactive material online. Bob's education history has never been verified and he has been caught in multiple lies regarding his previous professors at distinguished universitys. The list goes on, but these are some I remember off the top of my head.

Bob has a troubled history... you should look into it, outside of his UFO experiences.

Why don't you read [this report](https://radiolab-my.sharepoint.com/personal/fh_radiolab_dk/_layouts/15/onedrive.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Ffh%5Fradiolab%5Fdk%2FDocuments%2FShared%20with%20Everyone%2FAnalysis%5Fof%5Fthe%5FTechnology%5Fof%5Fthe%5FSports%5FModel%5FFlying%5FDisc%5Fissue%5F1%2Epdf&parent=%2Fpersonal%2Ffh%5Fradiolab%5Fdk%2FDocuments%2FShared%20with%20Everyone&ga=1) where danish space engineer Flemming Hansen goes through Lazars story and disproves it, instead.

His first doc was produced by HIMSELF! Come on cult member , you don’t know about your own leader!!

Pretty sure he did actually, in the 90s. He made vhs tapes. I saw a copy once on another forum. I think he was doing the Alex Jones type thing in the 90s where he'd sell vhs tapes detailing his experience. Edit: It was in 1991, and it's called The Lazar Tape. No one gave out vhs tapes for free in 1991 and before you could upload video on the internet.

Just replying so we can revisit this in future months/years 💀

But I don't think aliens are real

Who cares, if Grusch is telling the truth then the parts of Bobs story that the majority of us care about would the be true too. So it doesn’t matter. Relax. To answer your question…it was the 80s. Internet didn’t exist and it was probably a lot easier to make someone disappear when misery everything is pen and paper

He was raided because he was one of two places in the whole country that sold a compound used in a murder. And the warrant was signed before the phone call where he discussed E115 with Corbell.

Dude, you would be surprised..

I don't know.. BUT even as a security guard, he would obtain information..

Lab tech.

He was right about gravity propagating as a wave in a time where gravitons was the prevailing theory. We have no quantum theory of gravity and you're sitting here telling people about how gravity works.

You obviously don't know what you're talking about. Einstein and Alexander Graham Bell are just 2 notable professors off the top of my head. Professors have contributed a lot to the world. I'm a mechanical engineer. We create cool things, but breakthroughs in tech start in labs at research colleges. Engineers take those breakthroughs and refine them into useable products. You may know that the first microprocessor was invented by Intel, but you probably don't know that the first person to prove it was possible was Claude Shannon. His master's thesis proved it was possible to run a computer using Boolean logic. He went on to become a professor. Bonus fact: Boolean logic (the foundation of binary code) was founded by mathematics professor George Boole.

Hi, BakedPastaParty. Thanks for contributing. However, your [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/15c5li3/-/jtvxm0i/) was removed from /r/UFOs. > Rule 1: Follow the Standards of Civility > * No trolling or being disruptive.> * No insults or personal attacks.> * No accusations that other users are shills.> * No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation.> * No harassment, threats, or advocating violence.> * No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible)> * You may attack each other's ideas, not each other. Please refer to our [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/about/rules/) for more information. This moderator action may be appealed. We welcome the opportunity to work with you to address its reason for removal. [Message the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/ufos) to launch your appeal.

Hi, BakedPastaParty. Thanks for contributing. However, your [comment](https://old.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/15c5li3/-/jtvxm0i/) was removed from /r/UFOs. > Rule 1: Follow the Standards of Civility > * No trolling or being disruptive.> * No insults or personal attacks.> * No accusations that other users are shills.> * No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation.> * No harassment, threats, or advocating violence.> * No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible)> * You may attack each other's ideas, not each other. Please refer to our [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/about/rules/) for more information. This moderator action may be appealed. We welcome the opportunity to work with you to address its reason for removal. [Message the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/ufos) to launch your appeal.

You want another link to the interview I claimed existed? The link I posted brings you right to it. Or are you questioning the fact that Lear and Lazar were friends? Would an instagram post made by Lazar suffice? https://www.instagram.com/p/Cbv7mUhLFAj/?hl=en As for whether Knapp was a conduit for public knowledge, he had a tv show and was fairly well known as a reporter in the area at the time. To quote wikipedia "Knapp's earlier work has been recognized with Edward R. Murrow Awards, Peabody Awards, and twenty-four Pacific Southwest Regional Emmy Awards". He was at the recent senate hearings. He broke the Lazar story, produced the documentary on Lazar that Corbell made and was on the promotional tour for the documentary. He was also closely involved with Bigelow and the skinwalker ranch. I would be surprised if anyone, well except for you I guess, who had more than a passing interest in this topic hasn't at least heard the name George Knapp.

It isn't hard to believe if you've followed him all this time. He was selling mail-order VHS tapes in the 1990s, sold movie rights to his story to New Line Cinema, spent a long time visiting UFO conferences as a speaker, frequently appeared on radio shows like Art Bell, sold merch via mail order and online the entire time, finally sold a book in 2017, got them to make a Netflix movie about him, went on Rogan and got another shot in the arm. Now he even sells stuff on his Instagram! Guy's got hustle and has done well for himself. Maybe he thinks of himself as an entertainer who's feeding people's imaginations.

You really do have an appropriate username

It’s quite a stretch to assume someone of David fravors caliber both as a pilot and an expert on aviation would read someone that wrong, but you are certainly entitled to your opinions. And you’re definitely not alone. It’s because of this, that bobs simple reaction is so satisfying lol

That’s completely fair. It’s more a judge of character than being “in the know” in regards to ufology. Something about Bob doesn’t strike me as a liar, fame mongerer or in this for the money (he has a successful business)…plus he had a lot of things right before they were public knowledge: -S4/Area 51’s existence (completely unknown to the public before he met Knapp) -element 115 -the way crafts fly with the bottom facing forward (gimbal video) -the fact that one craft was an archeological dig (first known mention on his Rogan appearance) which was corroborated by Ross coulthart

You're welcome to join us over here on the light side whenever you're ready.

For real. It's not like the grifters who have always buzzed around this topic are like "oh shit, people who could be telling the truth are showing up. Pack up!". If anything, legitimacy boosts their own story because once people's minds come over to the believer side, they can go off the deep end.

>No, because he has decided not to divulge any classified info Lmao then what the fuck is he famous for? Honestly, people reading what you just wrote is going to be more damning than anything i could say here.

You too Karen have a nice day.

What a dick

Bob was raided because he was selling a shitload of glass that was being used in the illicit manufacturing of drugs. He wasn't cooperating with LEO's, so they raided him.

Not true! NASA said all that to discredit him and make him seem like he was crazy!

yeah but bob claimed the USG has reverse ingeneering programs and we're about to find out if that's true or not

I know about it. It still doesn’t make a logical argument that he is a liar. I’m not even saying he’s telling the truth…but all the recent events surely point that direction. Not to mention Fravor thinks he’s telling the truth. What reason does he have to believe Bob…

The link is asking to sign into Microsoft. Not doing that. Listen, maybe that guy makes a good argument. Truth is only time will tell because if disclosure happens…whether Bob was lying or not…his story becomes true regardless. Do you smell what I’m cooking. If what Grusch is saying is true and disclosure happens -> Bobs story whether it was made up or not becomes a reality.

Downvoted for reason in this community is a badge of honor. Means you have a head in your shoulders

And how many people do you think have heard of it?... seriously, if he made any kind of money off that, it was probably pretty meager.

RemindMe! 1,000,000,000,000 years

If Grusch is telling the truth it in no way indicates Lazar is as well. Grusch *can* be telling the truth and Lazar can be full of shit. At this point I think you’re Bob

It also leads me to wonder why Corbell still put that in the movie and/or didnt retract or address this if somehow he didnt know in advance (although I also heard he did). Thats clearly bad faith, and would obviously leave one to wonder what other deceptive maneuvers he would do to "prove a point"

No. PhD in physics here. Firstly let's clarify a few things. There are two ideas about gravity. There's general relativity which is very widely accepted and was proposed back in 1915 and there's a proposed quantized model of gravity employing gravitons which we postulated in 1930. In general relativity a stationary object will have gravity but its effect is created by the warping of space time. However an accelerating mass (including rotation) *will* produce gravitational waves but this isn't how gravity "propagates". In the early 1920s, physicists, including Einstein, wanted a uniformed theory of everything. At the time quantum mechanics was being born and was the leading theory for everything except gravity over the next 50 years as we gradually unified electromagnetism with the strong and weak nuclear forces, creating what we now call the standard model. Gravitons were proposed as far back as 1934 as an extension to quantum field theory and have been largely accepted as necessary to the quantization of gravity to complete the standard model. Now wave-particle duality is one of the central pillars of quantum mechanics dating back to the theories infancy. So although Gravitons were particles, they were also considered waves and therefore yes, gravity would propagate as a wave and be described as such in various contexts. *However*, this was well established long, long before Lazar was born and would certainly have been described in any pop-sci magazine covering gravity or unified theory of everything which is common still, today. It's worth noting also, that quantify field theory has still failed to fully include gravity in any experimentally viable way and there remains zero evidence for Gravitons, currently. But we continue to try.

[removed]

Lol, yea you name the, let's just go crazy because it's absurd, 100 consequential professors, amongst the what, 300k? Lol ok.

Tell me more Daddy, id love to learn &#x200B; you showed me nothing but an old clip to an interview. tell me how that equates to this being "common knowledge in the public consciousness" I just did aquick n=30 study. 0 have heard of either. so tell me more about common knowledge

IF he is neither a physicist nor has he ever worked on NHI craft then how did he accurately predict the existence of element 115 and gravity being a wave? That was very much not known in 1989. Explain that

Thanks

Laughed out loud there…having breakfast in Denny’s - the clientele are looking at me askance ;) Nice

> It’s quite a stretch to assume someone of David fravors caliber both as a pilot and an expert on aviation would read someone that wrong ? Genuinely confused on that one. I think being a pilot doesn’t mean he can’t be misled like anyone else can.

Thanks, I’ll keep rationally reviewing the evidence so we can actually understand what UAP are given how important it is 👍

>Lmao then what the fuck is he famous for? Why are you cherry picking and strawmanning, dude? I literally told you which part he hasn't divulged ( which is also the part many skeptics are being mad over).

Not a Karen, and my facts are hardly baseless

People had been claiming that since Roswell.

I suppose you can always trust an untrustworthy person to be untrustworthy... so in the regard, I trust him.

What’s your opinion on the w2 lazar posted as proof of him working for the government? Any opinion on why he has no physical evidence of him attending the schools he says, or could name any names. I’m genuinely curious because I would love to believe Bob but how can I when the list of “things that don’t add up” is so huge.

I'm very much looking forward to having Grusch's story proven or disproven.. as you say, time will tell. Unless everything runs out in the sand again.

I'm not saying whether he's right or wrong. Just answering to the challenge that it took him forever to come out with it and that he had nothing to gain. Sure it wasn't a huge success but it seems he was willing put out a vhs about. Alex Jones didn't make a lot of money from his conspiracy VHS series but it wasn't nothing and like Lazar ending up on Rogan, it led to bigger things.

So what? Con men try cons all the time. Just because he’s a bad con man doesn’t make him any less of a conman! Not every con makes millions and millions of dollars. Some people just con for the attention because they crave attention and weren’t getting it in their normal life before the con. Stop reading about aliens and start reading about people in history because they do this type of thing over and over and over again for what you may consider very meager payouts.

I will be messaging you on [**2023-07-29 11:25:52 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2023-07-29%2011:25:52%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/15c5li3/bob_lazar_speaks/jtxfcmp/?context=3) [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FUFOs%2Fcomments%2F15c5li3%2Fbob_lazar_speaks%2Fjtxfcmp%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202023-07-29%2011%3A25%3A52%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam. ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%2015c5li3) ***** [^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)----

Hahaha I’m telling you it doesn’t matter if he’s right or wrong at this point. Stop being so upset over it.

