The following submission statement was provided by /u/8ran60n: --- I downloaded the video on request from the other post I made. Have you guys ever seen this one? Not sure what to make of it. Tom posted on Instagram 6 hours ago. --- Please reply to OP's comment here: https://old.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/11kilxx/video_tom_delonge_post_from_instagram_texas/jb7cxgj/

Looks like the Nimbus 2000

...did it jump to hyperspace? This looks faker than standard scifi effects

Eclipse class star destroyer sighted over Texas

Is that a super star destroyer?

I’m from Texas and I was on a hill with my girlfriend. Above us I saw something huge in the clouds moving slow but I couldn’t make it out. It was like it was camouflaged with the clouds. While I tried to make it out to my girlfriend to show her she says something like “yeh I think I see what you’re talking about…” and at that instant a shooting star on the other side of the sky shot pass and caught our attention and what was above us was just not there anymore. I feel like I sound ridiculously crazy every time I tell the story. This video reminded me of that real or not.

Say it ain’t so

I don't know what to say other than it's some of the fakest shit I've ever seen. What's the context? When was it taken? Who took it? Why were they filming at that time? etc.

This is giving me major CGI vibes...

Princess Leia escaping in the nick of time...

Found some better quality videos online. [Here’s a copy reupped of one of them.](https://i.imgur.com/IyFrMWv.mp4) Earliest I saw was March 25, 2021 but I don’t think it was the original as it was on one of those UFO portal channels. There’s less compression artifacts and this copy isn’t as cropped in so and you can see the foreground better. This gives it a better look in my opinion. Note how the foreground bounces around more from the car yet the cloud line does not as much do to distance parallax. This object stays relative to the clouds. I think it is definitely a video worth a closer look and not something we should let our bias quickly dismiss off hand.

I’m not defending this clip or anything but what if something so crazy looking happens that your brain automatically goes “Fake. Nope, that’s fake. Bye”. Lol.

Literally how a low IQ person would film pre-planning where to put the CG A real reaction would not have a steady pointed shot, and would actually look backwards to where the ship seemingly zoomed off to

This sub is still just as goofy as always I see.

tom delonge is really just posting every single UFO clip he sees now lmao

I think the biggest issue with a video like this being released out into the wild by someone of at least some form of higher level on the subject, is that what video will it take for anyone to deem a video “believable” without question? It’s tough. Does it look real? IDK. Is the video quality slightly better than a potato? Yes, slightly. But it’s tough.

I’m tired of everyone giving themselves a tingle by shitting by someone else. Is Tom crazy? I have no idea. But the guy gave up a lucrative career as a rockstar, put millions of his own money into his personal project. Has anyone here had the balls to do anything but listen to a podcast? He can’t be labeled with the standard smear – “grifter“ because he is a legit fucking rockstar. He doesn’t need your money or attention. You can be skeptical, like me, and not have every comment hit like a baseball bat FFS I feel the same way about Corbell. An admitted rank amateur, he had the balls to pick up a camera and start pointing it at people and asking questions. I’m happy he makes a full-time living at being irritating on the subject of UAP. And yes, I find him irritating. Hate on me now, but please tell me what you’ve done personally to move disclosure forward. And always remember- nobody knows *anything* until the government cooperates.

Seriously, this looks faked. Is there footage from other angles, other people? Something this large would have got attention.

Just as soon as one person says it's fake everyone else agrees, does anyone ever have a worthwhile take other than its BS. I've yet to see A UFO video where everyone didn't slam the poster as a grifter. Are all these negative posters bots, or just just a herd of sheep??This video, could be the real deal and everyone just automatically says BS. What do you think a real alien space conveyance looks like?? Anyone have a take, or is it all BS?

Thanks for the laugh. I needed one today.

Okay don't get me wrong, looks fake.... BUT, is it possible these are real and the community at large writes them off because it's a guy who used to run naked around LA while filming music videos that is releasing them? If I'm in Tommy-Boy's shoes and actually want to help move closer to full disclosure (really just government confirmation at this point), then I'd be very careful to post known bullshit or easily debunked videos. Has anyone ever 100% debunked the Turkey video/picture showing beings that he claims to be legit?

Real/fake, that was dope!

has anyone done any sort of analysis to determine that it is in fact CGI, or does the magic power of incredulity make it so?

It looks like a UFO from this old artists depiction in an old book🤔 https://imgur.com/gallery/mZF5r9Q

Welp, there goes the last bit of integrity. Meh, I don't know why I ever considered it might not end in bullshit like this.

How is everyone so certain it’s cgi/fake?

Covenant battle cruiser

Ludicrous speed!

It’s the destiny from stargate universe

finally the proof we need. All these years.

No longer even bothering to make it look real. Just put ominous music

Fake as fuck

People need to stop giving him a free pass.

The fake optic zoom really puts the cherry on top... Mwah!

My God that's so fake looking

That is fake as fuck

Imperial Ship-Confirmed

This looks fake af

What’s his age again??

What class Star Destroyer is that?

The flash was a bit much

This sub is comedy on a daily basis

[deleted]

I've seen a ship do the "star trek" jump before. It was just like out of the starting intro to "The next generation". I saw it completely stretch out and then vanish. That was like 20-25 years ago so I do believe this could be real.

The negative commentary is disappointing. Tom Delonge has done more for disclosure than the entire Redditor community. He should be given some respect. I do my best to not say anything here that I wouldn't say to someone's face especially because I have not done anything to justify me criticizing anybody. Inquiry would be helped if people were just a little bit more humble. I agree that video evidence is completely dependent upon the veracity of its source because it is easily faked. However, Tom Delonge was at least partially responsible for producing the most verified video evidence of UFOs ever released to the public. So I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt here . . . but would like to hear more about the source of this video.

Unless those lampposts are invisible I don’t know what to tell you. This is the worst vfx I have ever seen. Here’s an [obvious frame](https://ibb.co/Df4cbbV)

What's the point of posting fake shit, if in fact this is fake? Is they're a benefit at all? The herd is going to call it all BS anyway. So why would someone make the effort to do that only to get knocked down.... It makes little sense.

That would be so bad-ass

First thought: Fake. Second thought: Why my brain thinks it’s fake? In reality many things looks worse than CGI. Life is boring and dull and so can be warp ships. Tom don’t let us beg you and shed some light on the issue for less than 5000 bucks.

I downloaded the video on request from the other post I made. Have you guys ever seen this one? Not sure what to make of it. Tom posted on Instagram 6 hours ago.

If you're new here, you will see many people trash Tom Delonge. Go check out the WikiLeaks Podesta E-mails. They confirm that Tom Delonge had meetings with people high, high up. Tom Delonge also fully funds To The Stars Academy, which was awarded a $750,000 US Army research contract for analyzing/commercializing some recovered material that To The Stars Academy had. [https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-news/read-tom-delonges-leaked-email-to-hillary-clinton-campaign-about-ufos-103832/](https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-news/read-tom-delonges-leaked-email-to-hillary-clinton-campaign-about-ufos-103832/) [https://www.livescience.com/ufo-hunting-contract-us-army.html](https://www.livescience.com/ufo-hunting-contract-us-army.html) &#x200B; Whether this video is fake or not should not detract from Delonge's importance.

interesting to see that half the time the top comments are pretty self aware, use reasoning, and there's willingness to say i don't know what i'm looking at. the other half of the time, that same, general sentiment isn't present, it's actually more quick to conclude one way or the other. it's the case more so; with things that get posted that aren't your run of the mil sighting of some dot in the sky, where i notice it. like the more novel the post of a sighting, the more willing to throw that reasoning out the window when commenting on it. i'm in different subs and see different threads all the time. this sub just seem to have that feature too it. i might be reading into nothing, but just an observation.

It does a weird little up and down wobble right before it flashes off. I don't think it's the camera, I think it's the 'object' trying to 'aim' by tilting up and down. Just thinking, if someone was making it with CGI, would they add an 'alignment wobble' before the flash? Would that make it seem more real or fake? If it is real, would it go from center, point up, then down, then back to center, to align? Seems odd, especially if it's huge and going to 'warp speed'. Idk if it's real or not, just pointing out an odd detail...

Cool! I hope this is real AF

Damn Tom… you need better edit skills bro… fake AF

Someone bought Aftereffects and discovered how to make really bad SFX

That looks quite similar to The Executor making the jump to light speed

>what is that oh it disappear LOL. Also, isn't that a star destroyer from Star Wars? Come on guys. NONE of this tracks. NONE of it.

This guy could post the whole independence day movie and some ppl on here would eat it up as proof for extraterrestrial life.

After effects is fun...

This community I swear

The amount of people who believe this shit is concerning

God this sub is such a joke

This seems extremely fake, and what a nonchalant response to seeing a massive ship just go to warp speed.

Lmao Tom still trying to pay his mortgage

Cheesy CGI, obvious fake camera movement, ridiculous hyperspace jump, 15 year-old looking After Effects work. 3,800 likes in 16 hours. This sub will never change.

dude its 2023 and you back up your conspiracy based on some patato video editted on movie maker on windows98

The camera zoom is typical for fake videos. Looks like a badly mimiced hand held camera in a movie. Anyone else know what I mean? Zoom's don't be doin that

Yea that's fake

What I don't understand is why a ship would need to speed up like that within an atmosphere. In space seems far easier to manage with less physical hurdles.

If a spaceship like that really appeared in the skies of a populated area (and we see buildings) it’d be probable to have multiple witnesses. We’d have videos recorded by different people depicting the object from different perspectives. If it’s just that one, for me it’s fake

I find it odd that, if this is real, then why aren't we seeing a wake through the atmosphere? The fact that it leaves a trail demonstrates that it is interacting with something (atmosphere). Even with advanced technology, physics can't be ignored. If it's not in the atmosphere, that would mean that this "craft" is massive and would be seen over multiple countries. something that size and visible would have news reports going all over the world. No matter how much I would like this to be proof, I'm afraid it's just another piece of junk polluting the waters.

anyone upvoting this is doing disservice to this sub and UFO topic in general

This is what Tom Delonge is posting as a legitimate UAP video? As someone who is not deep into this, for some reason I assumed that he had some sort of credibility. However, I can see that I was mistaken

Wow a lot or fake stuff recently

Watches clip: 🤦🏻‍♂️ Sees it has 5k upvotes: 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️

That looks super fake. If it’s real, it’s amazing and I apologize…but it sure looks like CGI to me, and in this day and age it’s useless without serious credentials / sources behind it.

This shared by Tom Delonge? Gives me thirdphaseofthemoon vibes, he did imply it would hard to grasp but this doesn't cut it sorry

This definitely seems like an edit

You can always tell these are fake based on those "zoom" effects. That's just scaling in, it's not an actual optical zoom.

It looks like the Object is moving at a different framerate compared to the video, looks like VFX to me

Rodney dangerfield and Tom Delonge are in cahoots.

I can't decide if the cgi is getting better or worse.

Camera didn’t follow? Hmmm. My first instinct would be to change the view to the right to see if I could pick up any type of trail/extra footage. Seems odd to just keep the camera steady in the same spot after that type of propulsion.

All the small things …

Tom Delonge is a moron who has a strange obsession with Elon Musk

This ain’t cgi?

This type of stuff makes UFO believer people look really really stupid, I’m sorry. I can’t take this stuff seriously.

“Set course for Bailey's Bar & Grill, Warp 10 - engage!”

OK I am person of curiosity... I'm not making a comment on this video per se. Why is it that USA is primarily the largest area of sightings you read about online? Could it be that, that tech is now replicatable and what people see is confounded by this idea that somehow certain beings in the USA have figured out the tech and have something to do with the increase in sightings? As far as I see it, if it is a system of complicated and drawn out manipulation then people are believing what they're expected to believe. Looking back in time, It seems that it's only those people who tend to think outside the box and ask more questions than they try to answer and have no vested interest in a specific outcome, who tend to be closer to the answers. It's an almost perfect puzzle/riddle that I think is just about to be answered but we'll see I suppose. Just saying.

Editor: How fake do you want this to look? OP: Yes.

Tom likes shitty CGI?

Since my initial comment "fake af" was removed for being too short (must get that alot), I'll explain: the image of the UFO was taken from what was found in infrared flying over the skies of Chile. The entire event was featured on an episode of Ancient Aliens also.What the creator of the video did was flip the image, fade it down, then add a yellow dot on the end. Even when it 'disappeared' was lame af and was low end graphics. So yes, it was "fake af". I literally watched that episode 2 nights ago. I can give you the s and ep numbers if you want to see for yourself.

Straight said "Bye Felicia "!!!

Tom always has cool videos. It looks legit, but I'm not sure.

Looks like the craft in the Nuremburg 1561 art https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Himmelserscheinung_über_Nürnberg_vom_14._April_1561.jpg#mw-jump-to-license

I’ve gotta assume this is real coming from Tom. 5 years ago everyone though he was batshit, him saying things were gonna come out soon, people laughed their asses off at him. Now you’ve got the govt admitting it, having meetings in congress about it, whistleblowers etc

It looks like a flying stingray

it's like y'all forgot you called the tic tac encounter fake as hell. sheeeeeesh

1.4k upvotes and I've lost all faith in this subs ability to recognise poor CGI fakes.

Definitely CGI. If you watch closely as the poles on the side of the ride pass by, you can see the object through the pole as if it was magically in from of the pole. Very clearly a digitally superimposed fake object.

This subreddit is a shitshow

Looks like a grey Nik Nak

It’s definitely a Imperial Star Destroyer

Well shit, it's the empire.

Definitely a weather balloon.

That guys reaction is pretty much screaming fake. ANYBODY watching this would be saying the same shit. “Oh my god what is that?! Are you seeing this?! Are you recording?! What the fuck!” And then when the thing took off, literally anybody would have been like “HOLY SHIT DID YOU SEE THAT”

Look familiar? https://images.app.goo.gl/tLzxbeqTRkQRiVE36 [1561 celestial battle over Nuremburg](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1561_celestial_phenomenon_over_Nuremberg)

Almost 4k upvotes for this? Bad tracking, a fake digital zoom and a star destroyer size object zipping off in a flash of light.. This community is it's own in worse enemy sometimes.

Sigh. Fake crap like this only hurts serious scientific research into the phenomenon and rightfully fuels skeptics. Like... what is the point?

Of all the small things.. he posts this?

The Nimitz video when leaked was "CGI" too. Just saying... don't be so quick to dismiss these things.

Tom is a moron

Looks like this slightly https://media.defense.gov/2022/Apr/21/2002981746/1200/1200/0/220421-F-ZS999-0012.JPG

Early 2010s fakery looked way better

"Likely CGI" haha, jesus christ I certainly hope so.

At this point, Everything is so remarkable and the simple fact we are all privy to this slow form of disclosure and it all only adds to the whole bananas conversation so…fuk it, good video.

I saw Mandos ship do that last night

I don't understand the purpose of posting this when it's clearly fake and bears no resemblance to any of the objects/phenomena that are described in the more serious and believable reports from e.g Nimitz. It's not a tic-tac/triangle/orb or anything even remotely convincing. What's the point of this? Is he an idiot?

This is the worst fakes I've ever seen. They didn't even make a layer for the objects moving in the foreground. If you look closely you can still see it THROUGH the poles in the foreground. It also wobbles as they didn't bother to track it in to anything. As a result you can see it ever so slightly sway with the camera.

You gotta be another type of stupid of you think this is real

This looks incredibly fake.

Why does dumb shit like this become the most upvoted post of the week

Is he trolling? I really have no words

I’ve lurked here for a while and never replied but wow that looks cool. I’d like to see/read theories on if this is legit or what it could be

That's clearly just a Balloon.

Fake. Anyone filming would sweep right to see wtf it went.

“They gone to plaid!”

This looks like what he described as TR3B.

These videos are such bullshit

Tom Delonge must be a bit insane, this is very obviously fake. He is lost in the sauce.

Looks super fake. That hyperspace move got me like. Why would Tom Delonge post this? He’s impairing his credibility. I would like to think a guy as connected as he is wouldn’t post videos of dubious quality.

The Covenant are here, somebody wake Master Chief.

I call super fake

Facepalm and an eye roll.

For someone who has supposedly seen such insane concrete proof, he sure does fall for a lot of obviously fake bullshit lol

The way I just laughed so hard that I shot my drink through my nose wow. Thought I was really looking at something there.

That's a bad cgi

Looks fake. Why would he intentionally post fake videos?

Made with premier and a trial version sfx overlays. Nice.

fake and gay

It looks a little, oh what's the word... oh yeah. Fake.

We gotta stop posting this sort of shit. Delonge is deranged. He only hurts the cause.

This isn't from the X Files opening theme song?

Any more links? Video was removed

Let’s get corridor crew to take a look and get some answers!!!

An Imperial Star Destroyer jumped to Earth by mistake.

Yeah the government holds top secret ufo files yet feels the need to share them with the guitarist of blink 182. Makes no fuckin sense.

Is that the guitar from the Boston album?

If this is real it's kind of scary......

What tha Flight of the Navigator am I looking at? Edit, I'm dumb

Was that an imperial class star destroyer? Or naw

Whale that was pretty fake

If a ship that big moved that fast in atmosphere, I can’t believe it wouldn’t create some kind of spectacular natural effect in its wake. Sealed in a warp bubble or not, you instantly vacate that much air, there’s gotta be a show. And a bigass bang.

I find it very interesting at the 11s mark when the car goes past a powerpole... Two frames the object is *behind* the pole, yet one frame the object [is in front of the pole](https://i.imgur.com/qmdFEKF.jpg) How... Odd.

The reaction: "It disappeared." Instead of "holy m-----fucking shit....!!!"

Definitely a dragonfly

Just Swamp gas.

This is fake. That is the Super Star Destroyer Executor jumping to hyperspace using CGI in a video. Looks cool tho

Bahahahaha. Texas? Where everyone and their grandma have a phone? Something this fricken big? Please. Why even bother posting this

This is for those 5 guys who thought Tom is an serious legit ufo guy still

Oh, come on. Is DeLonge serious about this? Because the stuff he posts usually just shows how utterly gullible he is.

Debunked? What’s the dealio

Just wait till AI video gets good in a year or two. Then kiss your idea of trusting video goodbye

Fake as hell but would be freakin' cool if it wasn't.

looks like the effect in smash bros when you get knocked off screen

I think this was inspired by the old defender arcade game.

Awful rotoscoping job

Frame by frame it looks like the telephone poles are behind the “object”, so I would guess it’s either water on the window or some rough cgi.

Thats The Normandy

I bet it’s ours

Not sure if this has any value but the lighting up and the flash kinda shows there is a high energy production and ionization at that moment. But it could well be CGI.

Is this a joke? If it's Tom delonge i actually feel offended.

Oh ye of little faith……..

Okay he’s gotta be trolling us as this point

Is this not promotion for one of his upcoming films? He tagged to the stars media. Js I don’t want people doing my boy dirty when it seems like it’s promoting a film

Video says more about DeLonge than i ever could.

Jesus are you guys 13? The quick zooms, the lack of color, the grain. It's so fake. I'm reading through the comments and I was wondering why everyone is so stupid then I saw the subreddit

And what the hell is this supposed to do for us? A grainy ass video maybe a shape and then a flash. Ok. I have little to no video editing skills but I know I can figure out how to make a video exactly like this, I'm sure it could be slapped together in an afternoon. Is there any context? Any proof of any kind that can confirm anything about this video? The providence of this video? What else are supposed to say? This is dumb.

Good god I hope they didn’t judge us as a whole by Texas

Some people just lack critical thinking skills and fail to employ logic in their reasoning, that's all... This isn't even worth debating, it's too freaking fake, deliberately LOW REZ and is encoded/decodes to lossy formats 500 times to hide the 'flaws'. Tom, dafuk are you doing? These kind of posts hurt UFO/UAP stuff the most! You're ruining your credibility, or what's left of it :/

What I will say about this video is that that streak of light is exactly like what my gf and I saw when we saw them. Hovering and then just like that, streaked over the horizon. The shape, no idea, they looked like golden disks to us.

tom delonge wouldn’t *knowingly* post or repost something fake

what. the fuuuuuuck! that thing was HUGE!

That dude needed to lay off the crazy pills decades ago at this point

Is that background suspense music or the ambient sound of the train? Either way, looks about 70% more legit than most of the videos that get posted. Hard to say though. We are told the anti gravitic propulsion creates fields of light around the ships.

Even if it were something unexplainable nobody would believe it anymore. Not a video of it at least. Maybe 100 different videos from different angles but that’s it

I also have After Effects.

Lol tom delonge.. eye roll..

People believe this crap?

Alright i official no longer believe a single thing from Tom

Is that a star destroyer?

[removed]

That's a fucking rendered Star Destroyer going to hyperspace.

Some laser projection bullshit. They even used the old star trek speed off effect.

he has the documents but he cant show us

Is Tom the new hero of this sub lol

It’s a fucking star destroyer

Speeder on plasma sound

Tom Delonge can eat shit

I forgot aliens follow Star Trek protocols.

Is that Vader's ????

The Lifeforce space vampires have arrived!

Is Tom Delonge a net-negative for our agenda?? Not that there is a manifesto... But this dude surely makes people think "aw, this shit is all fake," right? What a shit-stir.

Damn. I was holding some hope for Delong smh

It disappeared…

HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAA

The reason this is fake is because one of the frames at the :10 mark has messed up editing and show the craft in from of the telephone poles that are passing between the camera and the alleged craft

Oh for god's sake..

I am a broken record on this but I would be deeply surprised if Delonge wasn't a shill.

Way to damage your own brand - he should be picking and promoting the best of the best. I assume all kinds of videos get passed thru him. He should be the goto guy for quality stock. The fact he put this video out speaks volumes to me.

I want on that ship.

Why is he posting fake looking shit. Post the real deal / undeniable shit or shut the fuck up Tom. Your making this shit a joke when we want to believe!

I’m glad to know there is a very rational and intelligent group of people interested in the UFO phenomenon who believe every obviously fake story and video (like this one). There is too many people willing to believe any and everything someone puts out there as evidence of alien life on earth.

Ufos are real and posts like that are made on purpose to dumb us down and fight in between, to reduce believers’ numbers. Isnt that obvious

This guy stays posting fake shit, just cuz it’s Tom Delong doesn’t mean he’s to be trusted

Oh MFG! Yeah that looks just a little fake. Is that the best he can do?

It’s quite clearly a sparrow flying through swamp emissions reflecting off of Saturns atmosphere. Good stuff! 👍🏼

This looks incredibly fake to me just saying

Bro that the covenant

Dude a cornball

Wow, nice tutorial on how to lose all your credibility in 16 seconds 🤣

That’s fake. Come on guys

I’ll refrain from blasting Tom but he believes almost anything. I’m skeptical of this one to say the least.

Tom’s filter has been set to zero. WTf

I have no idea why anyone still believes a thing Tom says or shows

Pity it didn't warp when there was a power pole in front of the camera

I believe that instead of rotoscoping out the telephone poles, the vfx artist may have simply used the color match tool to select the same color as the pole for the ship. You can tell because they are the same color for almost all frames save a few. This would be a result of the pole changing it’s darkness or lightness even though the ship isn’t animated to be the same color as the pole for every frame. If the ship’s color was animated that way it would have a noticeable flicker matching the introduction of each pole. Anyways, maybe I’m over-analyzing here but if I was a lazy vfx artist that’s what I would do

I’m never one to scream fake, but god damn that’s the fakest UFO video I’ve ever seen. Remember, Tom deLonge is just SOME DUDE.. If Jacque Valle or Gary Nolan posted this, I’d maybe give it a second thought but come’on.. Tom brings zero credibility to this subject.

Tom is so cooked

Anybody: why take future pronouncements from DeLonge seriously?

His friends think he’s just telling lies.

This is pathetic! Spooky music editing, flashy acceleration, undefined grey splotch...with a "boom" edited in to boot. Tom has jumped the shark.

Annnddd Tom Delong is officially no longer credible.

You can’t enter hyperspace while in-atmosphere. An obvious fake.

Tom, cut back on the weed bro.

That's just Joe Rogan's new Comedy Mothership opening up in Austin Tx. lol

Delonge is a freemason. I don't trust him.

Maybe itsa clip for his new movie he is directing

Tom Delonge is a psyop

Yeah there’s a craft the size of fucking Manhattan just chilling in the Texas sky. Only one person managed to grab a video. Please FUCK OFF

This looks fake as fuck, Tom.

😒 this is the least convincing UFO video I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot of obvious fakes.

this is a psyop and tom is a fed

I’m usually pretty annoyed by everyone’s automatically calling every single video posted on this sub fake …But this is fakest shit I’ve ever seen smh come on

iTs DiSApPeArEd!

isn't it neat how UFO videos have evolved with visual effect technology?

That guy is lost. Sadly. I liked his music once.

The *zippy away* at the end thing (with the flash) has been around for decades. It's the tell tale sign of cgi fuckery. Always has been. Jeez Louis.

Lol that’s fake af

As a former motion tracker in film this is bad tracking

Its in the 'too good to be true' category and at the same time 'too much like something out of our sci-fi' to be really compellling. Now, if we had a good number of credible witnesses, and they weren't all on the same Uni special effects course, we might have reason to take it more seriously given the many other videos like that which seem very fake. Does Delonge provide any supporting reason to think this one is not like the sort of things you see on Third Phase of the Moon?

If DeLonge is posting this, it proves he has no rational perspective or credibility. Fake as fuck.

Shit quality as always

It's ah fake

Tom Delonge is a fucking rube.

Known super stable and credible person Tom Delonge.

It doesn't lock to the backgrounds movement and rotation. I think it's cg

The creepy music really doesn't help the credibility

Project bluebeam

This sub is a joke.

Congratulations Reddit, on proving you can’t even make a clever joke when you try 🙄 On the video, it’s really fascinating considering it’s from Tom’s account and whether real or not, really displays what Fravor and co. refer to when it just “jumps”

Purrgil exist!

Is it reverse video of the texas meteor in Feb?

Damn I enjoy spaceballs but FOCUS PPL 😂

It’s from the media arm of TTS. It’s not supposed to be a real video. It was tagged in his original post.

“What is that?” CGI.

I've seen something exit like this once in my life, but the object/craft looked nothing like that. It went straight upwards though, and this really weird like....man idk how to describe it but it was as if it left an after image of itself like almost as if it faded away after the streak of light shot upwards. I didn't understand why, so I always thought it moved so fast that it caused that effect. I seen it in the 90s . I told my brother "hey remember that one time..." maybe a year or so ago and went over how we had seen it together...and all the hairs on his arm stood up. He said " nah bro...that was a dream " and I was like wth are you talking about? We've never had no shared dream. He brushed it off and said it was probably an experimental aircraft back then. He's really religious, and he doesn't like to entertain conversations that have anything to do with such topics. He wasn't always that way though. To me this little clip looks fake as hell. My little story probably sounds unbelievable as well though. So...I mean...our 9 to 5 ain't changing anytime soon anyways... so wtf does any of this shit even matter in the end to most of us...makes for good discussions sometimes I guess...but leads to that same thought afterwards in the end...

Tom has sex with guys…

LOL wtf is this?

Tom sure would be fun to get high with.

"Buhloon" "No WrEcKaGe" "Swoump gasss" "Reflections!" Okay well? Which one is this one? Lol Where's the usual suspect guy that blames it on one of these things and just lets it go without further questioning?

Fake?? How would one know?

This is awesome.

We are surrounded by morons!

Hahahahahaha

Ship moves up and down alongside the car. CGI

Good thing they were listening to atmospheric droney synth music when this was happening

I think I played this on PS2.

Fake AF, from the producer of Lue Elizando

Great another Chinese lantern post.

Get this shit off this sub

The terrible fake zoom is nauseatingly terrible.

Ugh, CGI is horrible on this one

Love Tom but he has to stop posting this blatantly fake crap.

Tom Delonge will believe anything.

Why would he post this?

This is fake… what’s not fake is the speed. Pilots have seen things accelerate this fast. The tic tac seen during the Nimitz encounter shot off like a bullet…. Away from an F-16, also moving fast. I appreciate this fake for its realistic display of the speed these things show off.

What’s with the music lol

The Typhon Imperator.

Delong is just a kooky nymphomaniac

The Flash is back!!

Is that Kylo Ren’s ship?

That’s a Super Star Destroyer

It's the Winter Contingency

The pseudo-skepticism in here is pathetically impressive. Calling a video ''fake'' without giving any legit reason or evidence should get you instant and perma banned from this sub.

What's the context for this video? Date, time, etc...

Whats my age again? ruh ruh remixxxx Was that an alien?

“They’ve gone plaid!”

[removed]

It's a "Riders of the Storm".

Literally- And I mean this- Literally the first ~2 seconds I exited the video and just went to look at the comment section 😂 Poor cgi.

Its a super star destroyer. Thats vaders ship- Luke

People talking like they living in a spacefaring society with spaceships and other crafts, which can travel between stars, all around us daily. No, we don't live in a society like that yet. So yes, it can look fake when we're not used to see how real F spaceships and crafts, built by advanced alien civilizations, looks like or how they works or how they flies in atmosphere and space.

Another perfect example of why uap’s are still stigmatized lol

Annnnnnd it’s gone.

It’s exactly the Planet Killer from the Star Trek episode, “The Doomsday Machine.” https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/The_Doomsday_Machine_(episode)

Star Destroyer?

Crazy just as everyone was saying where’s Tom on Reddit he pops out a video.. weird like the video and timing??

[removed]

The Empire is here…

Not even good cgi

Klingon Bird of Prey.

Is that like the default zoom effect?

Just some promotion for sekret machines. He doesnt say that this is real.

This man should be working in Hollywood

Commander Shepard, are you there?

To be fair, this does look fake, but we have been told these things exist, so anything is possible really.

Getting some real Cloverfield vibes

Oh come on, that's a hogwart's broomstick. Well, I guess if you've got clowns who believe Lazar, this is proof positive for them. Honestly, if Tom did post this as proof, I wouldn't be the least surprised. He's definitely the sort to be impressed by this crap.

Looks like Lord Vader is off his leash

Why this video has a soundtrack?

It's the covenant

Yes I’ve seen starwars lol

It’s the X-men

Where in Texas?

Holdo Maneuver IRL.

That looks like the “time travel lady” video from like 10 years ago…

What about air drag etc. There has to be some noise right?

What's the use of that background music? Why not present the material as it is?

That would be an Imperial Class Star Destroyer.

The shape is very ominous.

Tom got jealous of Corbell releasing a pic, so he had to find something to put out there lol

A star destroyer going into hyper space.

Sounds like a lotta https://media.tenor.com/aRwhNo7crjkAAAAC/hoopla-big-mouth.gif

The circle jerk of sarcastic and cringe comments is getting intolerable. You all aren’t funny. More like insufferable.

My favorite travis barker quote "...you know he isn't in the band anymore right?"

Is this Darth Vader showing up in the flagship?

Star destroyer jumping into hyperspace.

The Empire, confirmed.

Wake up sheeple! That's not a spaceship, it's Ace Frehley's electric guitar: [Ibanez 2459 Destroyer](https://equipboard.com/items/ibanez-2459-destroyer)

Ohh cool!!! I didn’t know they got all the kinks worked out of holograms yet

For a guy who claims to be all about the cause for disclosure, posting dumb fake shit like this is a poison pill. Helps no one. Especially when he posts a goofy caption and no context.

This reminds me of an aircraft that used to fly into the Wichita Falls Air Force Base in Texas. It was impossible to see its actual shape, so it ended up looking like a flying pancake seeing only the front as it came in. Would see it when I'd pick up my son from daycare on the other side of the base.

Looks like a star destroyer

Looks like a Chinese Dragon

Grand Admiral Thrawn!?

The only video we have of something doing this (taking off at a crazy rate of speed) is the video of the tic tac. I didn’t look like this. Also, every encounter from pilots that we have doesn’t describe this (haven’t heart them say huge object in clouds with flash of light as it disappears).So for me it’s just a nice CGI until the video can be analyzed and witness can be vetted. My standards might be a little high, but I feel like they should be, as I want more people to seek answers.

aw shit the Empire is here

Looks like a star ship form star wars

Is he okay? Dude literally only posts the fakest videos out there…

Looks like the space squids but backwards from The Mandalorian

its them borgs or whatever they called in star trek, i dont watch star trek, im more of a star wars fan

If I saw this I would try to track it’s movements. Camera didn’t move at all?

Thats a good ol fashioned cum stain on the window you forgot about.

I call it DeLonge envy. For whatever reason, people want so desperately to believe he is some moronic dipshit out there talking out his ass. Which is insanity give the shear number of people who actually are moronic dipshits talking out their asses delegitimizing the subject, going on decades now. give him a fucking break.

These Chinese balloons are gettin wild

Damn, bro must have been blowing on his gpu for like a solid fifteen seconds to render that one

This is it guys. This is the shaky, blurry, out of focus shitvideo to make the scientific community finally take this seriously. This is not obviously Photoshop bs to anyone with half a brain!

This subreddit has fallen off so fucking hard

Hahaha ffs, that's a basic AR effect

I hear people talking shit, but guess what?.. You just don't ever know.

Tom’s last vid turned out to be a drone with lasers on it

笑笑　最初トラッキングズレてる

Not only looks fake but the blokes talking sound sus

Looks so fake lmao

People like Delonge and Corbell feel like plants to raise doubt and destroy any credibility that real sightings may have.

This is the only reason I don’t follow what Tom Delonge is selling. Dude falls for the fakest videos. When he first came onto the scene, he showed Rogan a video of a supposed black triangle flying right above the person filming. It was the clearest fake that even Rogan looked at him as if he was joking.

Posts like this makes me never wanna visit this sub again…

Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.

Space x is awesome

Is that just guerilla marketing for the Mandalorian?

Omg.... You fucking kidding me..... This fuckin guy

Tom has really lost it with this one. I mean he’s been lost but this is a different kind of lost.

LMAO wow...love the star trek warp out afterFX

[removed]

Everything including the zoom effect looks fake AF about this video.

No shot you guys really think this is real. This is what gives a bad look to real sightings

Man I would be embarrassed to put my name on this. Is this a troll

I think it's this! https://youtu.be/v4YQJ6KuWvQ

What part of Texas?

[removed]

Pretty sure you can just draw a UFO with a crayon and Tom Delonge would believe its the real deal.

Absolute nonsense

Whoa is this real?

This is some jaime maussan level shit. With all the phones capable of recording video residing here in Texas, only one video exists. This could have worked in the early 90s, but now? Get the fuck out.

This boy is smoking crank. He'll believe anything

That's a super star destroyer.

I miss when the sub was small, and everyone wasn't trying to get clout for "best sci-fi related joke to video comment." Now it's all trolls, and people who don't have any real interest in ufology other than to come in and karma farm for "edgy." Takes. It's "fake." Bc a random with no rational explanation says, it's "debunked." Bc someone just says it's not real, if you press or push the debate "you're a nut job." Some of you think you're the "reality check we need here." We're not the ones who need a "reality." Check we've been involved before 2023, you're just now tuning in. Guess it was fun while it lasted.

That’s a star destroyer right?

Trippy video.. none of us would know if this was actually legit. I would hope they did their homework on the original phone/ video before releasing such a thing

yeah sorry, just had to park my car there for a bit. I’ll move it soon, I promise.

This is not a shape I've heard or read described before and what I saw didn't leave a trail of light.

I would be happy to believe in it, so willing when the ufo existence will be proved finally , but I doubt about this one video ..(( I am here in this group since only a week, where here ant real evidences ever ?

Video looks intriguing but again, blurry and shitty video that could be anything and created by 15 year old in vfx. Holds little ground.

Looks like Darth Vader has finally found us

That thing is ALMOST as fast as I cum when having sex.

Tom Delonge is the guy who had thwt fake alien ufo Ponzi scheme right? You all believe anything coming from him? Lol.

"from Instagram" .. dude did U saw how much stuff there is CGI and often really bad

I saw this *exact* object yesterday withy siblings

Bro love the pixelation and easily done in After Effects edits. I'd love for this to be real, but damn all evidence just looks like SHITE.

Painfully obvious fake

These kinds of posts question the integrity of the subreddit.

Wow what a time to be alive 🛸

No way he would share something so fake.

It’s the sword of Alderaan. Maybe we are close

The G forces on the Crafts Pilot and occupents during acceleration would kill them if they didnt have gravity machines onboard

"It disappeared!" No shit you fucking bad actor

Looks like a hyper space whale to me

predictive programing in Army of the dead. Netflix movie. The beginning of the movie sequence with the white orbs that streak off in a controlled and coordinated manner. they exhibit instant acceleration like this clip. intreasting to note that the ufos in this film were very present and involved in the subsequent release of a zombie plague. Really intreasting how the director wove in cyborg fake zombies that mingled and infiltrated the human infected to observe the chaos up close....and none of the humans noticed. The closest anyone came to the truth was when the characters discover artifacts that imply multiple time-line interdimensional stuff that im sure we still dont truely understand. predictive programming! watch Army of the dead if you haven't already...its trippy to me to ponder the hidden themes

Imagine if aliens were that clever that they made their space jump look specifically like our shitty animations so we all just roll our eyes and don’t freak out.

That’s the iron giant

People really need to get more creative and smart with making the computer generated fakes. You can be as skilled as you want at modeling and tweening and all that, but what you cannot fake natural. Nature, and spiritual maturity. It is obvious within seconds this video is generated (CG). And anyone trying to pass it off as a real event will take a huge karma hit. It is lying on an epic scale due to audience size. People that post this stuff are setting themselves up for some horrible events in life. Even if they did not create it, they are propagating it.

I think this is the demo that the guy who lead the special effects team for NOPE presented the producers

"Hey Mom, there's something in the backroom..."

This is officially a meme page

its funny how almost all UFO sightings are in america, what is wrong with you lot

Next, we’ll get a video of the Death Star. That’s no moon 🌝

What a load of shite.

LMFAO... what is this trash?

Watch "Unacknowledged" on Amazon Prime, it will blow your mind with info on 👽🛸

lol no, just fucking no. This is the sort of fake shit that just muddies everything and makes the whole UFO / UAP thing a joke in the general eye.

Are we really doing this?

Well this, this is something else!I can already tell it's fake, this is the worst fake I've seen so far. You know in all of the garbage posts on this subreddit you only find couple of golden ones that are actually real, that is the only reason I stay subscribed to this subreddit, merely because of its popularity which makes it so that people who really encountered real UFOs actually upload videos here, but many fake them just for views and karma, or because they think it's funny.

Sekret Sekretions

Yeah… the **Nimbus 9000** came to visit us and no other recording on the internet… amazing bullshit

Does this one use one of them shroom drives?

Star Destroyer jumping to lightspeed.lol

This doesn’t seem consistent with most of the UAP sightings I’ve read or heard about over the years.

The first 100 comments army of so called "experts" saying it's fake

Looks fake as shit. Downvoted.

Less than 12 parsecs

Vader is on this ship

Tom gets baited more than a fish

[removed]

That’s a biggun, I wonder what the design principle is.

It’s fake. When the camera is suppose to zoom in the shot is way too steady for the zoom to be real. Especially a moving vehicle. It’s a digital zoom done in after effects as is the light trail when it zooms off. All cgi ufo videos have this identical fake zoom because it’s done digitally.

That was a imperial star destroyer

I’m curious as to what would make this look not fake, to every commenter saying that it does

Tom seems to have a pretty poor CGI detection rate

Ive seen something like this when i was a kid up in the sky, but it was just a orb light and seemed a plane at first until it skedaddled kinda the same way and disappeared in less than half a second. One thing i remember noticing was the curvature the light did when going that fast in the sky (id imagine was the planet curvature) i felt so small after experiencing this

Goddamm that's fake

Bro called in his no man sky fleet

It looks like the Executer from Star Wars lol

Wow , right time , right place to film a cloudy little sky in Texas and a ship blasting off messes up the picture ..kind of like big foot photo bombing nice tree pics, shadow people in doorways, and ghost in historical old houses ..how rude..

In no defense of this clip, a really clear UAP video would look to us more like CGI than anything else we’ve ever seen.

Yeah this looks pretty bad...but what do I know? I'm just a dude with a phone in my hand scrolling reddit, I don't know a thing…just like the everybody else here. It would be a lot more palatable to accept that this is fake if I didn't have to wade through the usual sarcastic muck that this sub has become. I don't even follow this sub for interesting discourse around the phenomenon anymore. I see a clip then go straight to the comments to read the opinions of all the “professionals” that take time out of their obviously busy day to offer a well thought out quip, oh the effort that must go into such thoughtfulness. Is there fake stuff here? Probably, definitely. Is there real stuff here? Probabl, definitely. Either way we wouldn't know because any actual discussion is cut off right from the first moment. I don’t understand if this is because of an organic movement in this sub ( in which case I apologize as I would then be the outlier) or there is some sort of misinformation thing going on here. Everybody likes to shit on Tom Delonge, even I admit he is over the top sometimes. But the truth is TD has a lot to loose by looking silly, more so then most. But you know what TD has that the rest of us don't. He has undeniably sat in a room with the likes of Chris Melon, Luis Elizondo, Harold Puthoff and Jim Semivan. He has undeniably met with and discussed the phenomenon with people in the military government, intelligence and science. So when Tom posts something, I’m going to give it a good look and at least give it the benefit of a doubt. What I’m not going to do with this sub anymore is listen to people who have zero expertise zero experience and zero credibility, and don’t even take the time to have a civil discussion without sarcasm. I have spent my entire life being the butt end of jokes because I refuse to believe that out of the 80 000 000 000 planets in the Milky Way Galaxy, earth is the only one with life. Edit 1

Vader just come here to see lord Biden

I know this video is probably fake, but when I lived in Lincoln, Nebraska, my friends and I had a campfire in the backyard and had a big ass blanket for everyone to lay down, talk and look at the stars. Something very similar to what's in this video started covering the whole sky going awfully slow, and seemed like it was pretty low. The shape was similar to the one in this video, but more of an obtuse triangle. We couldn't tell what the color was cause it was dark out, but it looked like it was black. No flashing lights or anything like a normal plane would have. Just pure darkness in the shape of a triangle. I was the first one to see it, pointed it out and everyone just had a quiet "what the fuck?" And we all went silent just watching it. All 6 of us saw it, so I know I wasn't going crazy. Eventually, it went out of our sight because of a big ass tree, but to this day, I randomly think about that thing. If I had to say how big it was, it was at least 3 football fields put together side by side. It was fucking HUGE. Sometimes I stare into the sky, hoping to see it again. But it's been over 7 years.

lol this is so fake, also looks like a wraith dart from stargate atlantis :P

A spaceship the shape of Cyprus

You can't make something more obviously fake than this

You can clearly see it's fake by the fact the "ship" stays in front of the pole that crosses the screen lol. Even if the pole wasn't there, still looks suuuuper fake.

It's the Wraith.

Hyper drive! Hyper drive!!

The eerie music makes it so real though

Tom Delong Duck Dong 😀

This is fake in so many ways. Why does this sub even exists?

How nice a video of a ufo, and a real band.

Sorry...but fake.

Seems legit. Never seen a sci fi film before

So stupid, my brain just started hurting seeing this

Not sure what’s worse? The acting of the photoshop

Obviously a Dragonfly reaaaaalllllyy close to the lense

No hyperspace. You dont do that in the atmosphere.

Tom delonge is an idiot

it's a bird. it's a plane. it's sky sperm.

Obviously a Purrgil.

Dark And Scary

Star Destroyer. It is on a next level of fake, even Mulder would agree. A feast for the professional sceptics.

"What's you hear is all hearsay"

An imperial star destroyer?

Very convincing! 😐

Tom DeShlong has a history of posting BS

Ooh an Executor class Super Star Destroyer from Star Wars. Lol everytime I see a post from here it's ridiculous.

Jesus this looks fake as hell lmao, in the midst of some decent UFO footage this year, ole Tom posts this? Hahaha, too fucking funny.

Cringe ass thread.

Lol you people are so gullible

Something got caught on the windshield

The kessel run

Worse than who killed captain Alex

It's the covenant from Halo for sure

Real UFO footage: 50 up votes This fake mess: 2000. Wtf?

This just shows how much of a joke Delonge is.

Until I can actually touch one of these things, get on board and look around I am going to assume this is a government psyop to milk the public for a bigger defense budget. Trillions missing people...

[removed]

Vader finally showed up with his super star destroyer

What if its in reverse and its lightening striking something in the air like a flock of birds or something?

Cool future dragonfly

Heavy concentrated water vapor gets dispersed by lightning

Looks fake and discredits Tom DeLonge.

Pretty bad fake. The same trees loop over each other before the UFO and during the UFO

Every time I see one of those I wonder how the quality can be so shit in times of smartphones with 4k cameras.

CG... these videos that show them zipping off at the end are fake... real crafts don't do this.

Tom Delonge is one gullible dude

It’s a purgill.

It is somehow visible through the lamppost...

I am so scared already 🤣

Somehow emperor palpatine has returned

Comb the Beach!

that's so fake

Looks like Tom Delonge/Jeremy Corbell grade footage.....

Looks like someone filming storm clouds coming in. Later they touched it up with some after effects.

Call master chief... The covenant has arrived

Average r/UFO subscriber arguing how fake this looks over real videos (they’re still fake)

[removed]

[removed]

CGI could use a little work

Looks massive, also in Texas so loads of people around too! so I'm sure we have tens of thousands of videos of it! ... oh.

For those unaware, Tom Delonge is not only part of blink-182, he also is the cofounder of To the Stars Acadamy that researches ufo/uap sightings no matter how ridiculous.

This is 100% CGI

It’s alright to tell me, what you think…… I won’t try to argue, or hold it against you

[removed]

1000th comment

Wtf happened to this sub?

Pretend this was you... if you saw a giant object in the sky and it took off in the blink of an eye, would you calmly say, "It disappeared." I wouldn't?! I would be continually asking are you seeing this, what is that, did you see the light, it look like it took off at loght speed did you see that blink... I would be freaking the fuck out man.

This was the last flight of the Concorde traveling in time.

This is the best argument I have seen that Tom is a plant. That he is being fed as much bullshit as he has been given real evidence to discredit the real stuff.

If that's real, I don't want to deal with creatures that has that kind of tech. Especially if they lookxlike a bunch of lizards. If that's fake, than it's very lame and I wish curse upon those who make this, from miracle water sellers in 18th century, to fake video producers. My only take on this particular video, is that the blast after it goes, can not leave no trace in clouds in milliseconds. There has to be some turbulence behind it. Otherwise, what's the point of blast?

He’s shared stuff that was clearly cgi before and later pulled it. I’m feeling this is the same.

Oh no there’s loads of these ‘driving in a car, big shape in the sky’ videos. Tom FFS

You’re shuddle is ready Lord Vader

Strange that all of these UFO’s end up in the U.S.

It's the whole damn Covenant fleet!

Aliens exist

should have left a sonic boom created by the sudden creation of a vacuum

So obviously fake that it is painful to watch. This pretty much says everything you need to know about this guy's credibility.

It’s the flight of the Aligator.

forgot to edit out a frame it overlaps on the pole but nice try

Hyperspace jump, in the atmosphere??? Dude…

Even if it were real, it would have produced a shockwave moving that fast. If it teleported away the air rushing to fill the void would have made a shockwave.

I usually want to keep an open mind and all, but this does look super fake. I agree with the commenter who said (paraphrasing) “We don’t have anything to compare it to”, so yes, maybe one day a very fake looking video will turn out to be real, BUT I don’t think this is it. Also, the reaction of the person isn’t normal imo. How do you not go screaming “Holy fucking shit!” when you see something like this. Also, it doesn’t disappear. It supposedly accelerates at a super high speed.

Maybe I'm wrong but it doesn't sound like a Texas accent. Also, it looks fake to me.

Fake as fuck

Hyper Space Whales.

I think it's interesting anybody thought some guy from a shitty emo band has the scoop on ETs

Why is he speaking in two different accents? The first one is an English accent (“Waht is thaht?”), and the second is like an Englishman trying really hard to do an American Southern accent.

He really posted this crap video? lmao

Looks like a broom from Harry Potter.

Yeah...thats real for sure 🤣🤣

Most realistic ufo I have seen today

Hilarious stuff!!

Please tell me nobody actually believes this video is real

the guy's still on hard drugs uh?

Clouds didn’t move one bit.

Of all the things that happened, this didn’t the most.

I spend a lot of time near the Canadian border, and the clouds there just look a bit off. Too perfect. I figure it’s pretty easy to make a cloud, and they could easily use that for camouflage.

Oh please… a fucking Star Destroyer?

I swear the VFX industry could make a KILLING selling "secret tapes" of "real UFO sightings". Everything you think is real, takes less than an hour on computer nowadays.

This sub needs to do better. We all need to do better by leaving the trash where it belongs. I can’t believe op reposted this video.

Tom Delonge is a desinfo agent

Semi orca vibes from eve

This „object„ made no sounds interesting Still i think it a faf

OmG ToTaLlY rEaL pRoOf. Nevwr looked into tom delanges alien exploits. If hes posting stuff like this hes an idiot with zero credibility

Texas sighting even though both of them sound like southerners from the uk lol

Wouldnt US airspace detect this and shoot rockets at it or something idk im not American

Swamp gas. Seent it a thousand times.

Ita videos like this that ruin this thread

It is an imperial star destroyer

Would the light it produces light up the cloud it was in? If real?

I’m hereby 100% pledging my undying Allegiance to the empire and I’m quite interested in working with them wherever they can fit me in

For those that openly using "grifter" for anything and everything these days, I decided to post the definition. Just like you kids using "gaslighting" for someone disagreeing with them. grift·er /ˈɡriftər/ noun INFORMAL•NORTH AMERICAN a person who engages in petty or small-scale swindling. "I saw him as a grifter who preys upon people"

Do you think AI could help us determine whether this is fake or real?

Faker than a pornstars tits

That's an Imperial I-class Star Destroyer.

3.3 upvotes? I'm blocking this sub. When aliens are here, we'll know, trust me. Don't need this sub

Obvious fake. 3k up votes. Sad.

There’s a very old painting of Mona Lisa that has a man like being flying in a craft above her picture that looks pretty much like this craft here. I can’t remember if it’s Mona Lisa or the Virgin Mary.

-Slipspace rupture detected-

The last 10,000 times that you thought you finally had proof of aliens ended in disappointment, but this time ... this time it's gonna be different. I'm sure.

god I love scrolling through this place and seeing all the idiots screaming how it just has to be fake. it's a damn Executor. people disappoint me nowadays.

We have the most sophisticated cameras in our pockets for the last 10 years and I have yet to see one video or picture that isn't blurry and impossible to clearly see claiming to be of a UFO.

Tom is so stupid xD he takes any bait

The fake zoom is the dead giveaway.

Why is real footage always so bad in quality. 😂😂😂

What political change happened now that needs to be covered up with obvious cgi UFO🙄.

🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄 this is so dumb.

that is literally the most fake vid i've ever seen on here anyone investing more than a second of doubt into this is a dumbass

Looks like a silhouette of a rifle. Those aliens sure know where they’re at!

If anyone thinks this is real they have to be the dumbest person around. The video editing is so bad you can see the object bounce with the bumps that the car is hitting.

Looks fake to me. Probably bullshit but cant say 100% certain

Lmao. So obviously fake.

Can confirm its real.

Honestly if this was real. The dude would be SCREAMING. No way i see a Caracal from Eve Online warp off and im not yelling to my crew as to why no one webbed and scrambled it.

smoke trail is gone why is the smoke trail gone!?

So does this sub take UFO's seriously or not?

Delonge is CIA.

They have tried (but quite badly failed) at matching the UFO to the shake of the camera in After Effects.

Must be real coz he plays punk music.

blurry video? check. Bad voice over / acting? check. Definitely real.

Project bluebeam

he hashtagged it #sekretmachines, so there's the possibility that this is intentionally fake because I'm pretty sure he said the fictional side of Sekret Machines was in development for a tv show or something.

Man I would love for this to be real, but my brain just keeps telling me CGI. Without any additional context, collaborating data, or witness reports, there's no way to prove this isn't fake. While this is almost certainly fake, it does make me wonder if my brain would be able to accept a truly authentic video as real or not. Like lets just suspend belief/logic real quick and assume this vid is legitimate. There's no way to confirm it as so without more data. Kinda sucks to think that even when faced with a real video without context, many of us, including myself, would be inclined to instantly dismiss it as fake.

I aint no scientist but Im willing to be lightning can go sideways. Cool vedio

Man, can they do something yet? I don't want to go into work

It's a big stingray

Lmao so fake, CGI. No known ET craft have that conformation, nor do they leave accelerant trails/shoot flames. Nice little creation, though.

That's actually a Liberator Class Star Destroyer hitting the hyper drive. It's pretty obvious.

Hey mom, there's something in the backroom

Can someone here explain why it is fake? Objectively explained, please.Based only in visual part of the video.Forget the guy speaking and that rare sound.

literally looks like a middle schooler first learning to edit videos lmao, is this sub intentionally for fake stuff? i thought this sub strived for legitimacy, why doesn’t stuff like this get taken down? would the sub cease to exist?

WHERE ARE YEW!?

It looks like the warp nacelle of the 2009 Enterprise

Yeah I found one of those in my backyard

Fake af. Come on..

[removed]

This is the most fake shit I've seen here lmao

Cool. The shape of it reminds me of a hummingbird or a swordfish. I was expecting the "front" of the "craft" to be the larger part. Interesting design.

Just saw this on the mandalorian

Fake fake fake fake fake fake fake

Real videos will be met with the harshest criticism. Just more proof we aren’t ready to accept as a society even though the evidence from the highest levels is overwhelming. Also pretending to understand what’s going on here by applying our feeble understanding of physics is sheer ignorance.

So this sub has literally just become the CGI sub of fake ufo posts. Shits just getting lazy at this point.

If it’s real, damn sci-fi did a good job at guessing how that would look.

[removed]

Oh yeah, some random potato camera would definitely have the clarity and ability to slomo down enough that we can see a suggested alien UFO warp away from our planet without disturbing anything. Anyone who believes this has any chance of being real should be locked away in a mental hospital.

Phew, good thing it was shown in slow motion. I totally missed it the first time.

That's just swamp gas

Star Destroyer making the jump to hyperspace in atmosphere...you don't see that everyday.

Sadly it doesn't track for me and I certainly believe, this is the era where the cheapest phone would have a super high quality camera, it would never be that choppy.

When will these comments have more information and less people just typing bs

Gotta have that extra blurriness

Helsman prepare for warp jump on my mark... MARK !! piuww flash

Tom is a bad actorIgnore him

Nice star destroyer bro

Super Star Destroyer, going to light speed.

“Somehow Palpatine has returned” - Poe Dameron

You can tell it's real by the way it goes cause that's how it is.

Pretty sure that's an imperial super star destroyer. Vader's on that ship.

So…. A super star destroyer?

Sci-fi movies have taught me you never do a jump in an atmosphere.

It’s the Road Runner! Nothing else can move that fast.

Silly waste of everyone's time.

My brother in Christ that is High Charity

Project Bluebeam begins…

As it's obviously fake, never trust where it came from ever again.

In four all the “its Fak3” posts

The problem with Tom Delonge, yes he helped leak that tic tac video, but then he posts shit that’s clearly fake, like it’s real. I think he’s being Richard Doty’d. Alex Jones was right about Epstein, but wrong about so many other things.

Tom released this my ass.

Hey mom, there’s something in the back room. Hope it’s not the creatures from above.

thats what happens when u dont blink 182 times bro

The shitty music. "It disappeared" - very bad acting. He says it like he wasn't surprised at all.

It was Lugia

[removed]

This is 1000% real , we have over 40 million alien spices living in our galaxy im surprised we don’t see many more crafts or capture in video more often

Wow, Star Wars in real life, so much to learn.

I don't know if this video is fake or not but what I do know is I've seen UFOs twice in my life and they do shoot off exactly like that.

Gd why do people buy these fake posts.

This one looks so fake. Tom Delong is now screening enough.

It's probably fake but looks really cool. Like the illustration from Nuremburg in 1561.

Captain Disillution!

Lol I see better stuff on youtube

The troll is laughing his fake ass off at all of you right now. Congrats.

Yo...tom's got that secureteam good good

That's a Zentradi ship folding space! Now we need Robotech jets and the SDF Macross to fight them.

This looks like the Stargate:SGU ancient ship imo. The jump even looks similar.

You cant be drunk when u drive that thing.

How many people saw this? That's what I want to know.

That’s a star destroyer.

looks like a big joint, what are they trying to tell us?

that's obviously a quickly deflating weather balloon. case solved. move on people.

I like that the "ufo" stays relative to the bouncing of the car. Lol

[removed]

Never saw this but looks CGI. Remember most recordings now are fake just ask Emily White and her friends in which she’s supposed to be getting in trouble for making. Unfortunately that’s what we deal with in the ufology environment. 99% are faked by people who try to ridicule and make fun of people why actually believe in the science and evidence behind it. It’s too bad there is not a central website that can provide a good CGI analysis on every good video and it’s too bad people aren’t paying the price for misleading information.

No movement of anything around the ship? No clouds moving when it speeds off 🤷🏻‍♀️

Just looks like a long strange cloud

Fake as f@ck! Dubbed Englishman from another video 🤦‍♂️😂

The see through telephone poles could actually be a real camera effect. It's like that picture of Marilyn Monroe when her hand looks invisible.

Looks like the 890 Jump from the game Star Citizen: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvKS70FDZV8

Star Trek was wrong, you can warp inside an atmosphere.

I am suspect. It looks similar to what we have been seeing with the plume but it looks created. I knownit is from Tom

Context, when was it taken and where?

[removed]

Thought I’ve seen dis too before but good thing it’s on camera now

def looks man made to me dont care what anyone says. If i see a plum i am not impressed

Looks incredibly fake. Source: I saw a UFO 'warp' several times. Looking nothing like that cartoony bs.

PREPARE YOUR WILLSSAY HELLO 👋 TO YOUR LEADER!!

cant be more fake than that.

the comments 💀

OMG !!! C'EST ÉNORME ☝️😨

hyper drive 🤦🏽‍♂️

Y'all - I've come back here to say this is the video that finally made me unsub... there truth is out there but not in these post. I'll tune in in 6 months to see if there's any progress for disclosure- but I wish I didn't know the answe already.

Of course a UFO video will have shitty quality.

This is just silly

Annoying how this is clearly CGI yet got over 5k upvotes and is still up on our sub

[removed]

I wonder what type of camera that's used since the acceleration shouldn't be that slow so that you can see it though. I'm no camera expert but feels wrong, would gladly take an explanation.

Seems pretty fake tbh

I feel as though the type of person that would insist on this video being real would be the same person that insists that the stripper really DOES like them. 😂

That is a covenant ship well boys halo has officially started

If it even was real, this sub is full of idiots that quickly dismiss anything anyway. Could be looking at real shit all along. But nope, here come the sarcastic, ignorant , irrelevant, scum. But whatever, I digress.

After reading most the comments.... I'm lost...

***where are yeewww***

Fake fake fake. Tom Delonge is cringe

Some ps2 graphics

Through the star*

Guys, the thing is just in front of the object… if you pause it you can see it is literally between the camera and the poles. Clearly some water in the window fo the vehicle. The flash was just added later

Dajjal ship .....bedesup

Whoah is this real?

he forgot to unplug his iron so he had to jump back home

Good Video Tom. It’s just amazing how quick they are every time I watch them they just never disappoint. Cheers Susan

The fakery cannot be overstated.

Clean the windows, it moves up and down with the motion of the vehicle. Watch the trees at the bottom.

Anyone know what part of texas?

That's a Super Star Destroy!!!

Millennium Falcon !!

I think at the speeds this thing goes at, aerodynamics would be pretty useless so why the shape ?

I gotta go fake on this one I think

I'll never understand how bodies don't just turn to liquid when taking off that fast!

It's a balloon, of course lol.

Star destroyers

Tom Delonge is the most untalented member of the band who got me through puberty.

I loved him in blink 182..

I dont understand why people are trying to discredit this topic with poorly made CGI. That flash is like on of the most standart CGI effects ever.

I believe this video to be bullshit

Cool dragonfly

I would get that these things fly at that speed if they build it gradually but this unnecessary acceleration would convert everything inside the craft into a mushy mass of bloody cells. But hey what do I know, right?

I keep coming back to this video. First take I thought it was obvious fake but I really do think this could be authentic. Tom has made bold claims in the past and a lot of people here ate all of their words

Why does he always post this fake shit. And he’s supposed to be the guy “in the know” lol

If this video is legit it’s actually pretty scary. Never seen any other vids like it. This looks like a mothership or something. I have my doubts tho, all other UAP vids are usually little round or gimbal shaped craft

That an executor class innit?

"Shit, wrong planet"

Covenant cruiser from Halo

Looks like the ufo in the 1561 celestial phenomenon over Nuremberg news article

Hey mom, there's something above Texas. Hope it's not those creatures from above...

it looks like it's infront of the pole, maybe it's the speed but it looks like it's edited over the video basically 🤷‍♂️

Why didn’t anyone tell me my ass was so big?!

I still think this is real

Now that departed the scene like a proper UFO should! .. Ok it looks a fake as hell - but that’s the way to leave an area. :-)

There’s some fine After Effects there son.

Weird, I've been on this sub for a while now and am on reddit almost daily yet I haven't seen this post until now. Also of note, I've been wondering what happened to Tom and TTSA. It seems like Elizondo, Mellon, Put-off, et al. may have used his celebrity to advance their agenda of the threat narrative and to break into the community only to kind of leave Tom and To The Stars Academy by the wayside.

This look like some shit outta either Star Wars or Star Trek

Considering it's allegedly recorded in Texas the guy on the video sounds British

The blade of Guan Yu

I wish something like this would happen and be legit but sadly like most of us I'll be dead before it happens

They took kevin baconDamn those gaurdians

Seems realistic due to the sound but if it’s been debunked let us know

It disappeared :

Dude drove straight thru a Godspeed You! BLACK emperor album

I'm not saying this as an insult, but he does seem to have/ you'd have to have some sort of brain injury to post this while trying to represent UFOs and are apparently lobbying for people to take them seriously.

How is the "ship" in front of the light pole? Makes no sense

Mother ship 🚢 there here!

Government is starting to light up the sky

u/redditspeedbot x0.1

OK don't tempt me with fucking star destroyers! Let me in! LET ME IIIIINN!!!

That's the ship that made the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs

This is a what gets me about all this. He wants to be taken seriously and posts obvious fake shit like this. All of them do it.

Bro come on now

This is strange it’s supposed to be Texas but in the video I’m watching the person speaking has a clear West Country English accent. Fake.

My dad got the whole team nimbus 2001’s bb come at me

I was gonna say it looks like a Super Star Destroyer jumping to Lightspeed

It's the fastest model yet

Hahahaha I am high af and this made my day , thanks man 🤣

I thought it was the Firebolt

Is that a Firebolt?!

Flying Nimbus!

Looks a little more like cumulus to me.

What is this reference. I know it but can't place it.

Woahhh very true wtf.

Or the flying Nimbus

Read a different book Jesus Christ

I love how anyone can trick Delonge into believing anything. He's so gullible lol

Looks like special effects from a 2000's b-movie.

I googled nimbus 2000, because I couldn’t recall specifically where the reference is from Google gives me Harry Potter I’m pretty sure the name, nimbus 2000 predates Harry Potter (because I’ve never seen or read any HP) I think it was from the Jetsons, and sure enough The jetsons had a character, nimbus the great

Looks like a 4000. The 2000s can’t hyper jump in the atmosphere.

Frame by frame analysis clearly shows it's Ludicrous Speed and not Hyperspace.

It vaguely looks like the outline of a Star Destroyer so maybe.

"Sir! Theyre gonna jump! *inside* the city!"

Tom has a really bad history of posting very obvious edits.

The guy saying "it disappeared" sounded fake

When’s he gonna realize videos like this hurt the cause, looks like dog sh*t, could be anything. He claims to be so close to these high level brothers. DeLonges weak!

This looks fake as fuck but what do I know.

Tom Delonge is a wanker. He delegitimizes everything that he touches. He needs a new hobby

"Syfy TV movie effects"

Oh yeah you know what a ship jumping to light speed should look like lol?

Can you show me an example of a non fake looking one? Pleaseeee

Impossible. Even smaller raider-class imperial corvettes can’t jump to hyperspace within a planet’s atmosphere. The gravity well makes it dangerous and not possible. Also… Tom posted it. So there you go

It's just Galactica doing the [Adama Maneuver](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISmZKuRcAjM&t=47).

I thought it was a Nimbus Two Thousand

Shit Looks Fake

Isnt this the shapes we've been seeing on mandolarian memes?

It’s the most convincing thing I have ever seen pop up on this subreddit, and that’s saying something

Ludicrous Speed! Now!

A hyperspace jump??? IN ATMOSPHERE???

Agreed. Delonge believes everything lol

Someone should send him the documentary E.T it would blow his mind.

Someone once told me that the zoom usually gives away the fake vids

[Battlestar Galactica did it way better.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1pSxVz-XYo)

IRL this kind of thing looks far more like a special effect than reality. Your brain knows such a thing shouldn't exist. Even when seen in close proximity

The fake zoom camery movement killed it for me.

Star Destroyer jumping to hyper space

It's so kind of them to replace the air they warped out of. The shockwave from a vacuum of that size collapsing would be deafening.

something like that happening in earth atmosphere would have some kind of visible effect left behind. &#x200B; even if it has some magical engine that produces no physical force to create motion (teleportation, warping spacetime, etc...), something of that size simply disappearing in our atmosphere would leave a vacuum that would be filled by said atmosphere. &#x200B; the fx team needed to have the clouds move a bit if they wanted a more believable atmospheric jump to warp travel. the should flow into the empty space left by the ship at the very least lol.

It really does. I want to believe, I don’t want every post to be shidded on as fake but man, I cannot help but think all 16 of these pixels is fake.

I might be wrong but I don’t think Tom Delonge would post an obvious fake. He’s pretty serious in the disclosure movement, posting fakes would only hurt his cause.

It’s amazing that as digital cameras in our phones get better and better, we still see these 1970s-era videos.

Could you imagine the clap of thunder as air collapses around that once empty space? That's shit would crumble structurally unsound buildings and shatter glass.

shit you're right this isn't nearly enough a realistic depiction of entering warp speed

We now have the technology to track them through hyperspace.

My sighting of the Hudson Valley boomerang was similar

Its like the most standart UFO Cgi warp effect ever.

That’s what exactly my thoughts were when I saw the ufo I saw with my own eyes. It disappeared as fast as this one did but in a totally different way. I’ve been following this sub just to see if anyone else captured the same thing I saw.

Ive actually seen something moving that quick, looked just like that but it was a a star in the night sky that started moving up and down erratically and bolted off as quick as it did in that video looked just like it and yeah it does look kind of fake when you see it in real life but shit like that exists.

Executor-class Star Dreadnought *

confirmed this what abbot does on his off days. has a conversion kit and everything.

Pretty sure that's the profile of the Executer, yes.

No, I think it is just an Imperial Star Destroyer. The Super Star Destroyer’s bridge doesn’t have the same profile.

“I tell you what man, that’s a dang ol’ star destroyer man, one o them star movie ships, like a dang ol’ triangle man, gon’ *pew pew*, tell you what.”

Kinda similar thing happened to me years ago. Was in the backyard on a nice summer evening, just looking up at the sky. Saw a steady light moving across the sky, thought it was probably an airplane or satellite or something (even though it wasn't blinking). Didn't think anything of it. After watching it for maybe 30 seconds, a minute, it made a hard 90 degree angle turn, accelerated massively, instantly, and shot out of the sky (looking like a shooting star, except going up and out). Still not sure what to make of it.

All it takes is one shooting star for us humans toSQUIRREL !

I had a similar experience. Except that it was a saucer instead of a star destroyer

Im from south texas and saw a ufo when I was younger. It was so surreal because I was outside, randomly looked up, and see a saucer shaped ufo. It was floating low enough where you think you'd hear a sound coming from it but it made no sound. That day was a clear sky with only a couple clouds and the ufo smoothly flew behind a cloud and didn't see it come out after that. Still gives me chills when I think about it lol

Yes from Texas also. I seriously think we're in between several Space ports and invisible trans-dimensional Civilizations. I have seen several different ships including a black triangle that vanished into what seemed like easily see through low level clouds from the gulf. That's not even the trippiest part. Check my previous posts.

When was this? Also what part of Texas?

I will not go

You’re drug is a heart breaker

Is that a ufo?I do not knowTurn the lights offET phone home.

I like how this sparked two different threads singing two different songs

Delonge consistently posts the fakest shit. Dude legitimately posted pictures of someone’s shadow once and claimed it was extra-dimensional beings.

He tagged To the Stars media, so I’m thinking it’s from one of his upcoming movies. I really wish that context was part of the original post

[deleted]

Yeah Delong is really just throwing out the little bit of credibility he still has.

I mean it even looks like the thing is bouncing along with the car bumps too. So they didn't do a super great job lol

If you slow it down and advance frame by frame you can see it’s in front of the telephone poles, so it’s clearly doctored.

Why is it the fakest shit you’ve ever seen? Wanna maybe point to why it’s fake rather than simply calling it fake with nothing to support your definitive claim?

if a Star Destroyer jumped to hyperspace in atmosphere, I bet my spleen you'd say something a little more frantic than >oh it disappear like you dropped a pistachio nut in your lap and rediscovered it. SMH

This is what I ask with any video like this. It sure looks fake. But as many have pointed out, we don't KNOW it's fake just because it looks "CGI". Ok, this is true. Which is why eyewitness testimony is so critical. A video without context, without eyewitness testimony, and without some background on the eyewitnesses is just an electronic file of moving images that tell us essentially nothing. We can analyze it to death and debate it all day long, but we will never be sure how real it is. And since we're talking about something this momentous, we really need more than a clip to come to any reliable conclusion.

Yes it's fake i guess specially if you stop the video at 0:10 you can see that the pole didn't hide part of it. That's why I'm assuming it's fake

What makes it look particularly fake in your opinion?

It's the witch mother ship! Soon enough all these witches are going to descend on us to cause hijinks on Halloween.

[removed]

Take this for what it’s worth but myself and 2 friends saw the same craft as the Phoenix Lights in Tucson, AZ around 2008/2009 one night and watched it quickly hover over our heads until it’s view was blocked by a series of trees. When we ran to a different vantage point to continue watching the craft, it was completely and instantly gone and nowhere to be found at all. All 3 of us were stunned but agreed we all saw the same thing. Not saying this is for sure a real, authentic piece of footage, but I’ve seen something that was capable of disappearing just like this with my own two eyes in the presence of 2 other witnesses. So, to me, I’m not ready to just say this is a bogus clip

The guy in the video doesn't sound very Texan.

But what if it isn’t

The video looks fake, couple that with how the guy is all “what is that?” Very casually… if i ever saw something that life changing (and it would be) i think i’d be a tad more scared, amazed, shattered…

It looks like someone was driving, saw something weird and recorded it…

I love how it has a perfect zoom and no shakiness despite being filmed in a vehicle

If this is the fakest thing you have ever seen then you havent seen shit

I'm starting to think he's just been paid to troll to UFO community from the beginning with misinformation and now he's bored of it and out on tour with Blink, so he's mailing it in to hit the minimum quota on his CIA contract

That's the thing though, how the fuck could we tell if something really detailed was legit at this point? If you post a really really good video of something like this, no one will believe it. Is it better to just not post it?

Yea I agree that flash does it for me to. Never seen something like it though.

In the slowmo you can see the front part of the shape overlaid onto the telephone poles whizzing by. They aren't even trying anymore

Yeah… if I saw this in a movie theatre I’d want my money back

"This Instagram post proves you are part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor!"

There are a couple frames where it dips without the foreground

[removed]

This video just suggests even more that its fake. Its clearly a populated area but we just have this one video? Not a single other report? Just absurd. Completely debunked by its own context.

Take it frame by frame as it leaves and you can see it disappears from frame but the trail it creates stops near the edge of the screen but doesn't run off the screen. Wouldn't the trail go off screen if it were real?

That’s what happened with the tic-tac video. Everyone called bullshit and called it CGI. There’s bound to be more videos people write off as fake that are legitimate unknowns that happened. I’m not against saying this video could be real.

You make a good point. If we see something so unfamiliar and bizarre to us, we would automatically assume it's CGI. Just like people years ago assumed it was God, demons or angels. Not saying this video is real but how would we know unless we seen it with our own eyes?

Skepticism is the chastity of the intellect

If this happened there would be more than one angle.

When you’re poor they call you crazy when you’re rich they say eccentric

> He can’t be labeled with the standard smear – “grifter“ because he is a legit fucking rockstar. I am going to have to disagree. being wealthy does not exclude people from being grifters. in fact, the best grifters are very wealthy. also, i can't get over when he was on the JRE and kept asking for people to donate money to him so that he could develop the alien technology he had exclusive access to. if he isn't a grifter is he at least a crazy idiot. either way people need to stop paying attention to him.

>But the guy gave up a lucrative career as a rockstar, put millions of his own money into his personal project. Being rich and/or a rockstar doesn't make somebody infallible. Spending millions for a pet project is a personal choice. In this case, it is more altruistic than MC Hammer going bankrupt by spending $42M+ on a mansion. But they might be equally foolish.

I bet you’d clean up Mr Beast’s candy displays lol

Oh tom is definitely crazy. That doesn't make him wrong, but dude's got some shit goin on.

[removed]

So mental illness and being a conspiracy theorist should be celebrated as hard work because he’s famous? I think I’m lost on this, but mentally, he’s no different than the others.

He gave up his career because of mental illness that’s not being treated.

Right, there seem to be buildings around so it's not like it's in the middle of nowhere. And as some others have noted, the guy didn't even instinctively move the phone to the side to at least try to see if he could still glimpse any of it. Likely also pan side to side in case something else is also around. His reaction seems off, too. Like he says "it disappeared" but it didn't...it flew away at ludicrous speed. I would think most people's reaction would be more like "Holy fucking shit did you see how fast that zoomed off?" or something. Also is that odd background buzzing sound in the original video or is it some ridiculous added sound effect?

After seeing how the GIMBAL video was treated before it was a confirmed leaked video, looking at any videos on here is not really that worth it unless for sheer entertainment. From how GIMBAL was received, I concluded we don't and can't know what's real and what's fake.

Ever watch Independence Day and run out of the theater thinking the US is being blown up?

bruh c'mon. it's a much more sheepish move to see something like this & and just accept it. questioning & picking apart details is the opposite of being a good little sheep & taking whatever they give.but ok, it's the people tht don't blindly accept a random video tht are sheep. lol

When it passes by the phone pole in slow motion you can see the object through the pole. It’s gotta be fake. Bad CGI job it seems

Several people have pointed out that the "object" passes in front of the poll rather than behind.

> are all these negative posters bots, or just just a herd of sheep yes, this sub is like 95% astroturfing

Dude if this was real it would have been in the fucking news come on, multiple eye/recording witnesses etc.

I mean how about the pure logic of being able to essentially warp like that but instead slowly moving through a transparent cloud that close to people as though that’s gonna hide you? Like what would they be trying to accomplish if you do think it’s a ufo, they’d basically have to want to be caught?

Exactly. I bet one day someone is going to record a legit clear video of a UFO and since our brains can't comprehend wtf it is, it'll cope with the most comfortable explanation "being fake". Sucks we will never get any where like this.

Tom? Is that you?

I slam it BS because it does not make any sense. Accusing us to be bots or sheep just reveals how deep you went into conspiracy. You refuse to ditch your hopes of something big happening, some bigger forces that will change everything, includong your life. No, video is BS because of logic and science. And nothing big is hapening behind the scene. You will have whole life without aliens visiting us and thats it. There are more exciting things happening in the world which are real and proven. Like rise of AI, may be energy transformation. But 100% not aliens visiting us. Any person with good enough knowledge in physics and cosmology knows what it woukd take to reach just nearest star and how wastefull it would be to just spook around in fucking star destroyer on Earth. One must be really dumb to believe thay large ship would be ever sent to Earth to spook around. There are absolutley zero evidence of aliens while we have many billions devices with cameras with us at all times. Get interested in real things and real science.

I don’t know that anyone has debunked it 100%, but recently I did see someone post it on one of these Reddit subs next to a cruise ship (as has always been the claim by debunkers) and I’d always thought the cruise ship theory was stupid until I saw that video and it’s really really hard to not say that it was probably a cruise ship now. I’ll see if I can find it.

Ronald Leir has first hand looked through the telescope of the man in Turkey and seen the craft and reported on it; he’s not the only one. So it’s more than an anonymous video

The telephone poll passes *behind* the object. You can see it clear as day when the video itself plays in slow motion. It’s fake.

It’s really on the person claiming it’s genuine to provide proof, although the magic power of credulity does a lot of hard work around here. By the way, here is some amazing genuine UFO footage someone sent me. Nobody has proved to me that this is CGI https://gfycat.com/sparsecaringcockatiel

The type of analysis needed to debunk a clip like this as CGI and fake is called watching it.

There's a frame at 10 seconds where the pole is translucent

I thought the same. [Here's](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1561_celestial_phenomenon_over_Nuremberg) a description of that event (1561!)

I'm a 3D professional and, while I can't speak for anyone else, I'm sure it's fake because I could re-create this in under 5min while making it look more real than this. Something that flashed like that in clouds like that would look very different.

One person says that and everyone else is afraid to look gullible so they either don’t say what they think or just say it looks fake. Personally I don’t fuckin know. I have no background in CGI. Could’ve gone either way for me.

Hey, I kind of liked that show. I liked them having to try to patch everything together from an alien ship in the depths of decay. Unfortunately, using a spaceship to go visit alien planets to generate story plots is what Star Trek did/is, and that has all been done before.

> if he keeps posting obvious fakes He’s being doing exactly that for years.

> Delonge isn't long for ufology if he keeps posting obvious fakes or long debunked footage. Because of the great hostility of the UFO community to obvious fakes and reposts? :/

I'm gonna call bs on that.

If this is how the UFO subreddit reacts to potential sighting video, imagine how far the rest of society still has to go until their mind is truly open to the possibility of non-human intelligence here on Earth.

Why are people who claim to do video analysis so often clueless? What is motion blur in a camera? Look it up. Figure it out. That's what a lamppost would look like. https://imgur.com/9qasekm.jpg https://imgur.com/RPI1ycb.jpg

Do you know what an optical illusion is? The cloud in that frame also seems to "pass in front" of the pole.

Yeah. Real or not, there will always the people who call “bullshit” right away. Fact is, no one knows if it’s real or not so let’s just enjoy and speculate. Sure it may look fake, but I would guess if, IF, it’s real and it is technology we’ve never seen before, wouldn’t it look weird or fake? Just my take on it. But it’s interesting to watch either way.

> What's the point of posting fake shit I mean, take a look at /r/quityourbullshit. #**PEOPLE LIE FOR ATTENTION**

It's interesting to watch despite being fake. If I watched TikTok and Snapchat videos, I'd be watching fake UFO videos and not some stupid prank that hospitalizes somebody or where a dog owner gets their pet to kill a native fauna. We don't know how long it took the video maker to do it or their circumstances. If it was a special effects artist or film student, they may be doing this as a learning experience.

Hypothetically if you wanted to make UFO people look completely insane you could find a popular, high profile individual. Feed them information, give them limited access to insiders, and generally spin them a narrative consistent with those goals. These people would act like magnets, drawing the finite attention away from more tangible things (i.e.: boy it sure seems like a lot of people are claiming to have direct interactions with <something>) toward obviously-falsifiable strawmen. Fake videos, obvious CGI, literally just a spider balloon...most people would implicitly, automatically throw out the baby with the bathwater. The videos are fake, therefore the whole thing is fake. Your distrust of "the government" could even work to solidify that assumption. They're certainly *able* to fake it, and what's more likely? A world superpower ran an op against the population or there's ancient aliens fucking with people's dreams? And in this way, your activities as a teetering world power are concealed. Use the American obsession with celebrity to passivate and neutralize interest, keep prying eyes away from questions like "...if you've had access to free energy, why did you destroy the world's biosphere with fossil fuels?" It's a really complicated plan for needlessly creating mountains of suffering...everything I've come to expect from my tax dollars.

Looks like this , but I know nothing: https://media.defense.gov/2022/Apr/21/2002981746/1200/1200/0/220421-F-ZS999-0012.JPG

Nice try Tom

[deleted]

The video itself just looks fake. It just feels off, like the UFO and the foreground don't match, or because there's only a few seconds of video with no context, or because the person who filmed it is not attached to it, or because only one person filmed this thing, or because it doesn't look like anything that's ever been credibly reported. Maybe it's real, but where did it come from? The biggest nail in the coffin is that: the lack of provenance. We will never know if it's real unless we can establish complete metadata on the who, what, where, when and how it was created.

Yeah but you can also see everything else through the poles, including trees and clouds. I have zero knowledge in this area, so I'm genuinely asking: Could these poles appearing semitransparent just be a result of the digital camera, um, "blending" frames to compensate for movement & slow framerate and avoid blurry streaks? Or could it be some normal result of whatever this camera was moving fast? It's not just the "object" that's visible through the poles, so does that mean the poles are also imposed on the image or what?

[deleted]

Nah there's a better video someone linked in the thread. Not that I think it's real or anything.

I was there that's my video!!!!!!

Yep, sudden acceleration

Your name is perfect, I don’t mean that as an insult of course. Information my friend. I’m not a ufologist. No skin in the game other than curiosity. Only interesting because he’s been such a part of the movement, good or bad.

Here is your video at 0.1x speed https://files.catbox.moe/r0ncn4.mp4 ^(I'm a bot  Summon with) ^"[/u/redditspeedbot](/u/redditspeedbot) ^<speed>" ^ [^(Complete Guide)](https://www.reddit.com/user/redditspeedbot/comments/eqdo8u/redditspeedbot_guide) ^ ^(Do report bugs) ^[here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=adityakrshnn&subject=RedditSpeedBot%20Issue) ^ [^(Keep me alive)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/redditspeedbot)

Who knows. If it was real we probably would think it’s fake from never seeing anything genuine. Tom was right all along so we really don’t know. The craft does look like the Nuremberg object.

Well some of us got on the team because of skill

Ma dad owns where your dad works (!)

Cumulonimbus 2000

Harry potter brooms

[removed]

I see your Schwartz is as big as mine

"So now you see Lone Starr, Evil will always triumph! Because good is dumb!"

She just went from suck…to blow

It's all infinitely improbable.

[deleted]

I always have coffee when I watch radar. You know that. Everybody knows that!

I'm a Maug, part man, part dog. I'm my own best friend.

They’ve gone Moichendoising

I'm surrounded by assholes.

They’ve gone PLAID!

God I'm surrounded by assholes

Man...we ain't found shit

Someone call ja rule

Someone contact Luda then, he’ll know whats going on

Thats Ludacris, Get out the Way-type speed.

Nah, your radar just been jammed

Fast forward! When will it be right now?

If I could give you a award I would 😂😂😂

Yes, but was it Faster Than Light?

Slap that on some merchandise!

Secure all animals in the zoo.

Actually, as a Spaceballs expert, I assure you this ship went Plaid

What is the difference?

What if the Aliens just like star wars !?

I saw more a blackbird.

I was thinking one of the ships from SG-1 or maybe the ship from the last series

Super Star Destroyer; come on man

Green light to engage!

was this a macross / robotech reference? context: https://youtu.be/qSZPrqRebmo?t=958

Hes a spook, for one reason or another. Either to make people think this shit is real or to make them think it isn't lol, don't ask me. But the guy is 100% a turd in the punch bowl

Is that Rodney Dangerfield?

There's no doubt about that. He is close to Lue, Mellon and these guys. That's what makes it a bit interesting. He's been labeled as crazy since the beginning. When he said he was working with some government officials. A lot of redditors have had to eat their own since. I agree. This looks fake. But we've been told by the government these things exist. And they seem to defy the laws of physics. If that's true. Every video of it will look fake to the casual redditor. Skepticism is good. But so is being open minded. I'm at point where I don't know what is going on. Therefore, I'm not gonna act all wise about it

I mean, it just goes to show that either he's full of shit or he's easily duped. Neither is a good thing

Maybe that's his job. To damage the community. I'm beginning to wonder.

There is a reason why Mellon and Elizondo left him behind.

He’s a rich moron. I wish he’d find something else to ruin

Mate, he's partnered up with government officials and even generals. People like that don't partner up with just anyone.

Yeah so weak his foundation got government funding to research and study the phenomenon. So weak! /s https://www.livescience.com/ufo-hunting-contract-us-army.html 🤡

I agree that videos like this hurt because I'm personally more inclined to believe this video is potentially real at first since it is coming from someone that is "high up" in UFO-ology, whereas if a random Redditor posted this video, I'll be completely skeptical at first.

[removed]

>He claims to be so close to these high level brothers. He is, and they feed him constant bullshit. They do this RELIABLY.

[deleted]

More than Tom Delonge.

He helped the cause. He was the one that was given the real video Pentagon UFO and publish it, he put a lot of his money to move things around

Raise your standards. This is fake. If you want to believe you will be mislead

This is what I always say… somehow we are suppose to know what advance tech looks like before we ever see it. Sigh. We suck.

[This video from 1993.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nL1uNqbyp4)

Now is it pronounced EXecutor? Or ExECutor?

The bridge is the room inside the conning/command tower. The conning/command towers of both Imperial-class and Executor-class Star Destroyers are meant to be the same. &#x200B; Anyway, this UFO doesn't have a conning/command tower. It's elongated shape is more like an Executor-class Star Destroyer.

When I was around 10 a friend and me was looking at the sky through a skylight late at night when we saw a "star" start to fly in a straight line slowly (about the same speed a plane would pass). It then turned 90 degrees flew the same distance as before, then turned 90 degrees again (at this point both of us were actively talking about it) seemingly flying in a square. When it'd travelled the same distance again we expected it to finish the square in the same speed, but instead in shot out of our view insanely fast! We panicked and ran downstairs so we couldn't see the sky. We've talked about it years later and none of us knew what it was! It's so insane to see a comment of someone having a similar experience!

Saw something similar. It sat idle in the shy for 30~sec, then zipped upwards at an angle, then again at a different angle, then faster than I’ve ever seen a craft move it zipped up at a slight curve. The final maneuver was nearly straight upwards and disappeared quickly. I definitely believe they are here and watch us. Not sure what to do with that, but I firmly believe it.

I literally saw / commented here about something that I saw, it was more of a Nike logo swoosh shape, but it had a tiny comet / shooting start tail and looked as if it went up and out of the atmosphere, as it just faded out of sight and got slightly smaller I was rocking my infant to sleep, it was a warm ish spring evening.. I literally looked at the stars and was thinking, wish I would see a UFO, and after a few moments - like 30 seconds I caught eye of what I thought was a bright steadily moving satellite- until it pulled an almost 270 deg U- turn. I remember panic and fear settling in... of course my phone was inside on the charger, so I just observed and appreciated what I was seeing. PS - I will say this footage looks pretty dang fakey fake

I've seen something do this too! I've seen some that just go straight and then a flash and it's gone.

dude are you me? i too, saw something exactly as you described while i was appreciating a clear night sky in the 90's. i can't tell anyone because who'd believe me anyway. it's a part of why i believe human race are not alone. on another occassion (2010's) i also saw 2 tiny light dots hovering in the sky, too close to be a star/planet, not blinking, not moving for more than 20 minutes. can't observe any longer as i had to do something.

I have commented multiple times on Reddit about this, and I am so glad that people have seen the same thing I did. It scared the shit out of me when I was a kid.

I posted almost this exact same in a some subreddit on here at least a year ago. This description pops up too much for it to be a coincidence. Exact same thing I saw.

I saw the exact same thing in 2011. Thought it was a satellite until I did that little maneuver. I still don't know what to think.

I propose you were following a dim satellite with your eyes when a meteorite entered Earth’s upper atmosphere at a shallow angle and bounced back into space (real documented thing) which happened to cross its path and intersect with it, making the dim light appear to get bright and blank right at great speed. (I was fooled by it once before.)

I see those all the time. Live near Wright Pat though so... I dunno. But I stargaze at least an hour or two every night and have since I was a kid. I saw one literally last week. Looked like a satellite, then stopped, dimmed, and accelerated impossibly fast until I lost sight of it, at a completely different angle. I've also seen satellites double back on themselves or course correct. I have a theory that they try to disguise their movements somewhat as satellites.

Yuuuup. About 13ish years ago, I lived in Georgia, it was an overcast night and I was outside with the dogs before bed. The clouds were low and lit by the city lights and I was watching this steady orange light across the sky, about 30 seconds, low and slow under the clouds I thought it was a plane's navigation headlight. As it goes over I think how quiet it is since it's so low and it zig-zags and shoots off at 90 degrees too fast to follow.

My first time was around 2004. I was going down a hill and there were trees to the right. I saw a v shape like a plane with five red lights, or four. It somehow seemed odd so i kept staring. A few trees blocked my view for like 3 seconds max and then i lost view. Next was Victorville, ca around 2009. I saw a shiny little cloud alone in the blue sky. I looked down for a few seconds. It must have been to light a cig or something. When i looked up, the cloud was gone but i felt it was too fast for me not to see any residual cloud ☁️ Anyhow i was watching a doc and this vid came up with what I think I saw https://postimg.cc/dkXfz6P3

Really, anything that catches our eye—SQUIRREL!—tends to distract us.

Interesting you mentioned bioluminescence, that’s exactly how I’d describe what I’ve seen too. Lots of triangles around the Houston area I see them frequently

Turn the lights off

Say it ain’t sooooOoOoo

Someone should send Tom DeBong clips from Fire in the Sky (1993) to see if he’ll repost them. I just want to see this happen.

Delonge is that guy you know that believes literally everything you say no matter how absolutely ridiculous it might sound. Just straight eats it up. *"Dude, did you know that bacteria can learn to talk to each other? They figured it out in a lab. They just give them little English lessons and they started forming into the shapes of words."* Delonge: *"Woah holy shit! That's crazy! I'm going to post this on my twitter!"* Everyone: *-stifling laughter-*

Is he a patsy for Mirage Men?

I was going to say the same thing. The ones he chooses seem so random and so easily dismissable.

I will never get over his podcast with Joe Rogan and how he acted like he had some crazy secret insight while perpetually reminding him that Joe wasn't high up enough on the totem pole to get those juicy deets.

It does look really edited but my first thought was wouldn't something that large accelerating that quickly cause a window breaking sonic boom? Are there reports of sound from other legitimate UFOs suddenly accelerating?

He also used the hashtag for his book that's becoming a TV series. So yeah...I'm thinking it's a promotional thing

Oh, its actually not the worst, for truly epic dumb shit, go over to r/ghosts and experience your brain melting out your ears

I mean, is he posting this stuff as a joke? Is it supposed to be ironic? If he really is this credulous then it totally explains why he was 'chosen' to receive 'information' from the Department of Defense. Thanks for posting it though, OP. I don't use Instagram so wouldn't have seen it otherwise.

Why would he do that, I just do not understand this man, he was in a position to really make a difference moving forward to actually help the field ufology and the general public instead he bites into anything that comes his way and throws it right back out to the people, what a fucking waste!

He’s a shill. But i think he genuinely believes most of the stuff he spews. He’s trying to make a buck. Its just lines up with all the other project blue beam stuff. Its utter nonsense. Elizondo, Corbell and Delong - all give me the irks.

mmhmm: https://i.imgur.com/qmdFEKF.jpg

Motion blur does make things appear that way so you can’t really say for sure

I mean… that can just as easily be flipped >wanna maybe point to why it’s real rather than simply calling it real with nothing to support your definitive claim? Looking at it from a Bayesian probability standpoint, is it more likely to be that a video that looks like generic sci-fi editing more likely to be generic sci-fi editing or absolute proof of hitherto unseen physics breaking technology?

You wouldn't be able to say anything. The shockwave would obliterate everything for miles around.

The CGI effect of its 'engines' as it leaves the screen \[and the melodramatic zoom three seconds in is truly hilarious\].

Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

Honestly, that zoom was such a ridiculous cliche. I was just surprised they didn't add a little lens flare too.

Right at the beginning of the video there’s a fake digital zoom, which is a hallmark for videos with CGI.

Slow it down as the car passes a telephone pole. The pole passes behind the object. It should completely obscure the object in the background, but you can see the object plainly through the pole, especially as if passes the front section of the object.

The flash? The entire video is fake as fuck. The quick jerky zooms are always a give a away. It's not even close.

Take her away!!

And one day you WILL kiss your brother. This is NOT the incest you are looking for.

Yeah I see a fairly post-production looking zoom and it appears to be camera tracked to the center section of the frame. Like you said it bobbles right as the pole goes by and ‘wipes’ the frame, essentially the same time a track would falter.

[so obviously fake](https://freeimage.host/i/HWvJFJ2) its laughable. Hard to see in the reupped photo but at about 5 seconds into the video the ship is in front of the pole

How often do most people stare at the sky in their everyday life?

Its not at all really what happened with the tic tac video. There’s still no detail in that video and the video alone still sucks. Thats what people said then and thats what people say now. If you were going to do CGI you’d think you’d try to at least make the ufo visible.

What is this tic tac video you speak of

Yeah, similar to how an optical illusion tricks our brains.

And, often, the limiting prison of the healthy imagination.

Thanks Steve

It’s my understanding the entire affair left him deeply in debt. He poured millions of his own money into it. Should we bash him for that? Rumor has it that’s why he’s back on the road with the band

Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

Educate yourself on what DeLonge did. TTSA brought Mellon, Elizondo and Semivan out of the shadows. They all credit him with the disclosure that’s happening now

He’s back on the road with Blink 182

Honestly, same.

Maybe this is the wrong one to make that point, but I was reading the comments and all I saw was BS, with no comment on why? I don't claim to have any expertise on the efficacy of videography. I just read the posts and see all the BS's without any grounds for why its phony. Just as compelling though is why people post fake videos, sort of like masterbation without the gratification, the whole thing just rubs me raw.

What details were picked apart, my point was that there wasn't anyone saying why the video didn't cut the mustard. All I read was that the video was BS and personal slights toward the guy who sent it. The reason why, wasn't mentioned in the 18 or so posts before my post. Tough crowd, defending territory with slights rather than substance.

I think the problem is the people who blindly call it fake without picking it apart and analyzing it. I think that to progress we should analyze and discuss videos openly and honestly before we decide either way. Calling fake right away without analyzing is just as bad for the community as blindly accepting as real without analyzing and discussing.

I bet it wont happen in next 10 000 years. And even then aliens will be just us from other planet.

Actually don't know Tom, don't care to know him. Just a regular American Citizen expressing a thought.

Talks about science, fails to offer a substantial argument. Name a more iconic combo. "Because science and logic" does not an argument make, and doing what you're doing does a massive disservice to actual skeptics by making them look fuckin stupid

I'll debunk it for you right now. Go to the end of the video where it's slowed down and the streak of light is created from the object. Now scrub through each frame and notice the average framerate is probably around 2-3 frames per second, give or take. And when the streak of light occurs the framerate has suddenly improved to 5-6 frames per second, just good enough to make out that it's going warp speed. Kind of convenient right.... well that's the problem. Whoever made the video fucked up because in that discrepancy they didn't hide their tracks very well, or they just assumed nobody was going to analyze this video to tell they inserted extra frames to generate that smooth light beam in Adobe After Effects. If this were real and it was an object suddenly warping out of existance the light would be extremely blurry and we'd be lucky to see1 frame at the most, let along 5-6. Because at that speed it's nearly impossible to get such a quality image from it. Any video editor will confirm this.

So does the tree.. I’ve recorded video and the same thing happens with certain objects while in motion. Not saying this is real.. it’s pretty fake looking, but not based off that

The pull looks to be in front of the object when slowed down.

That's not actually conclusive. I've seen lightning do that on a fairly legit camera because of video compression. Never mind anyone's cell phone, which is less quality. I'm not saying "it's real" or anything. I'm saying you can't base such a decision on that alone, because there are legit reasons it might be so.

This is real because I was the one flying that macheen

WOW! What an incredible video. I've never seen something sooooo real. Do I sound like a regular user yet 😭

Did Tom send you that?

Its really disheartening seeing all these people arguing that this could be real when its some really shitty cgi. Anything will be eaten up here. The fact is nothing ever posted here is even remotely convincing aside from the pentagon stuff and even with those who the hell knows what we are looking at through those flir cameras

no, that's called cynicism.

I just feel like it’s stuff we have never seen before stuff we don’t even understand fully how the hell are we going to know what’s fake. How do you know interstellar travel doesn’t look like that, or physics are going to look like what we are use to if it’s physics and mechanics we don’t even understand?

Do it please

I saw it with my own eyes. Not BS.

-Average skeptic in this sub

[deleted]

We’re not seeing a smudged area though. We’re seeing a constant hard line, frame after frame. I also don’t claim to do video analysis. I just noticed this one thing. You need to chill out mate, Why are you being so aggressive ‘look it up, figure if out’ wtf? For starters, motion blur doesn’t create opacity. It would blur the hard edges of an object, namely in your argument, the lamppost. We aren’t seeing that effect on the ‘ufo’ in my image, the effects are different. Leading me to believe it was added in post. But I won’t be replying to you again if you are as much of an ass in your next reply. I’m here for debate. I’m not here for childish slander.

[removed]

Great point, you nailed it. Calling a video BS, with an insult isn't debunking a video. It's a waste of space to call a video BS without claiming why, otherwise one would be no different than a guy who takes the time to make a fake video. In both cases it's a waste of time. Unless, special effects is your bag, but I'm sure there's a Reddit for special F/X.

Nah that wasn’t it , the speed at which it took off was unbelievable

That was one hell of an upgrade on the Scramjet. Wooo!

Sorry pal, ain’t that.

Yes it’s motion blur. Basically there’s settings to determine the shutter speed which determines how much light enters the camera. This looks like a cellphone or something which would set it automatically to adjust for the lack of light (it’s cloudy) therefore things that aren’t incredible well lit and are moving fast are blurred as there light enters over the course of multiple frames. Objects behind can appear solid behind foreground objects that have motion blur, so technically it’s sound in that regard.

Thanks! Guess I’m hoping for something to be real too much.

I'm directing my comment/ criticisms at Delonge

30 years working on video and vfx. Tracking is off. Different frame rates for object and background in slow motion. Sudden flash too isolated on the frame for that brightness. Fake motion blur. And the most obvious, when slowed down the sound pitch doesn't lower?!

Dont speak to us, filthy mudblood

Ya, skill at spending money

Give me that, you petty excuse for an officer!

I knew it. I'm surrounded by assholes.

Why don't we take a five minute break? Smoke if you got 'em.

Only one man would dare use the raspberry...

What do we have on this thing, a *Cuisinart*?!

You beat me to it.. lol.

they're jamming the radar!!!

This guy space balls.

Jam the radar!

I bet she gives great helmet.

Pizza da hut eat himself to death while trapped in his limo

Yeah, but was it Perri-Air?

Hopefully not just the original trilogy, or we’re effed.

Woody woodpecker imperial class cruiser

[deleted]

Lol no. Its Halo 2 But i make plenty of robotech references too. We should hang out sometime <3

I personally think he is being manipulated into a disinformation agent. He's so gullible and excitable.

I totally agree. I really can't stand him lol I've said this before here though and got ganged up on

>Skepticism is good. But so is being open minded. very well said.

Thank you for your rational take. It's a breath of fresh air.

The three wisest words in history: "I don't know" That's where we start. Not a "yes" or a "no". Well said!

I agree, I have no idea what’s going on so might as well be open to any possibility.

Also, there are a lot of REAL things caught on camera that look straight up fake. Many examples at r/blackmagicfuckery. But because we know the nature of certain incredible phenomenons on Earth we are sure that what we are seeing is true, despite looking fake on camera (or IRL). Dealing with something unknown, it's not the right approach just to say "fake", if we don't know what we are seeing in the first place.

I totally agree with you! This sub must hate Tom Delonge. I don’t get it, Tom got this ball rolling with Congress actually trying to get something done., with the Military Complex. Seems to me a lot of people get frustrated a little and then turn on those that have brought this subject to the light of day. Lou Elizondo was everyone’s hero, but now it’s Lou this and Lou that. All bad shit . Old saying. “ Don’t Bite the Hand that Feeds You”!

Mellon and Lue have backed away. Basically Tom is interested in creating fictional movies etc. About the phenomena and Lue isn’t. Standard lots of respect, different directions, blah blah per Lue. Mellon wasn’t as tactful. He thinks Tom is wacky or a grifter, not clear.

He’s such a rube. You think those ex government guys honestly want to bring us the truth? They picked the wrong chucklefuck to use as a spokesperson because nobody takes Tom seriously.

Being so open-minded that you believe something like this doesn't help anything. This thing would have to be huge, and would have been seen and recorded by countless people. Where are they?

This is the exact type of thinking we need to have with this.

Has the US government really said that UFOs with technology above ours exist?

I can see how a video of this quality could be immediately labeled fake. It looks as if the person recording this is on a train and using their cellphone so you can’t expect much better quality. What if this is a genuine video and there are vehicles that move that fast?

Yea more then once we been subject to a lot of lies it's really hard to see the truth, I will say I have never seen anything quit like this.

My dad worked in Project Blue Book. He claimed till his death. There is no such thing. He also was Air Force intelligence in South Korea during the conflict for a certain Captain Donald Nichols. Doing some weird shit. He didn’t wear insignia on his fatigues. If you read about what the government did to Nichols. After the war. You will understand why nobody will say shit about UFOs.

Thank you for this reasoned statement Nobody knows anything until the government discloses.

the last line. we (the general public) are speculative only. No one can truly claim to be an expert in any of this. I take it for face value that anything I see that doesn't immediately jump out at me as being something obvious, because at that point I don't know anything. humility towards what we think we know is probably the best foot forward

My friend, you acted much wiser than the vast, vast majority of the so called people. Bless you to infinity and beyond bud

Was about to give up on this thread until I caught your comment. Seems we have to wade a lot more these days. Thanks

It’s absolutely plausible to believe this is authentic. To be honest, I’m more surprised the general consensus is still skewed towards skepticism. They’re advanced. It’s a fact, we know this. That said, this is exactly what I would expect from a species light years ahead of us ole combustion engine neanderthals.

I just want to go back to the innocence of mid 1990's Art Bell.

Years of research have lead the community to this stunning conclusion: ¯\_( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)_/¯

Sir, you have a fair valid an rational point, we need to look at the big picture.

The smartest person in the room, is the person who realizes he’s not the smartest person room, speaks from his level of grounding. You my friend are the smartest person in the room. Something unimaginable, may in fact, look exactly like the word assigned to describe it. Open minded skepticism is at the base of scientific exploration. We don’t know the answer to the question we pose, until we do. Time has the answers, and in time they will be given, but we may not be around when they arrive. I fear the answers are so important, if we have any, that they will only be revealed as a last resort. The general public interest is at an all time, but the US Government moves at it’s own pace. They don’t do anything unless they know how to control it, and profit from it. Example: Alcohol, Marijuana, The Spread of Democracy in other countries.

I’ve just casually gotten into all this by watching endless YouTube videos with hopefully the most credibility I can seem to find. Something weird is going on or it is a psy-op by the government. I don’t know. I seriously hope all this isn’t just a smoke screen that they throw up every time capitalistic greed chemical bombs another city off the map due to shoddy and corrupted government regulations.

Well said.....I'm so lost in what is BS and what is real that I'm about to just drop it all until something big comes out

What are you talking about? Are you saying Tom delonge have better understanding than every expert in this forum claiming that looks fake? Why would I trust someone working with all those top players in the field instead of some bot or random in this forum. What a time to be alive

haven't both of them repeatedly been shown to be full of shit though, if anything his association with them just makes it more likely he's a fraud or plant. he's constantly posting this obviously fake shit, at what point do we stop giving the benefit of the doubt?

My immediate reaction is fake video and it's not Tom's first either. However, he's impact on moving this topic forward is undeniable. It's such a bizarre story. I know he's passionate on the topic as most of us are, but why was a pop punk musician the outlet for this stuff? It's so peculiar. It'd have made more sense with Devin Townsend at least, he has a tattoo and Ziltoid to work with. But Tom and the Ancient Aliens TV show have been successful, even if everyone wants to deny it and mock them incessantly. They've done more than Vallee and those accepted as more credible have ever done to get this treated seriously by global governments.

After reading the top liked comment here, which was the first comment I saw, my first thought was to laugh and think hmm I bet when *that* convincing evidence comes, it’s gonna look fake to my untrained ass

When Elon sent that Roadster on a rocket ride, people were saying *that* looked fake.

I just think it’s funny that it took of right when the guy started filming it

There’s a shit tonne of these exact same videos out there.

Delonge must have bought his way into the upper circle and he gets to hang out with the “cool kids”, despite the fact that he drags everyone down. Did he really promote this crap as real? This one isn’t borderline, it’s a godamn joke.

The UFO actually looks fine. It’s EVERYTHING ELSE in this video that gives it away.Looks like the clouds, trees, telephone poles, and the object are all 2D plates being moved around randomly to simulate handheld footage. But they don’t really line up correctly. I’m sure the entire shot is a composite.

Problem I have is everyone and their mother has a phone in their pocket capable of high quality 4k/60hz video. Why does this video look like it was shot with a 2003 Nokia? The fact that it's so grainy, pixelated from multiple compression passes and 360p resolution leads me to believe they are trying to hide the fact that it's shitty CGI. You seriously have to go out of your way to produce such a low quality video these days.

The music in the video doesn't help, and neither does the fact that it has been severely compressed. I think that is why most people feel like they want to call this one out for BS.

Videos of real things doing the impossible will still be real though, and will look real. This *looks* fake. It looks like a fake thing, doing fake stuff.

First few seconds: “clearly just a fucking odd shaped cloud.” Then big zap happens: “what the fuck?”

I'm with you there. I don't really look at videos very much since they just aren't that helpful.

When I saw the spaceX rockets land for the first time it seemed so fake to me

very well said, thank you.

They say my mind is in a state of paranoia- they right- I say paranoia's underrated it could save your life.

very well said, i think nuance is more important in communities like this than any other

Exactly. I would love to believe this is real, but I'm also HIGHLY aware that it's probably not. Two things- first, you're spot on that if it WAS real it would look very much fake to most of our eyes. And second, I'm not on IG but a quick look at Tom's profile shows that dude has a movie coming out soon that I'm assuming is about UAPs/the phenomenon so this video could absolutely be something from that. Either way, it's a damn interesting time to be into this topic and I definitely think there's a lot more to come.

do you believe everything the government tells you?

You just like me fr……nicely done

Or we are so used to seeing crap that when we see the real thing we call it crap.

Travis Barker said he used to go out looking for bigfoot, and I can absolutely believe that

Indeed. This has worked very well in the past.

Credibility isn't found in facts or reality. Many a crackpot had a good point, but were simply too incompetent with their word choices for people to take them seriously. Edison destroyed Tesla's credibility by first making his DC current seem dangerous when in fact it's Edison's that pisses a risk; and then encouraging a wild goose chase, which ultimately described anything with Tesla's name on it before 1850. Nikola Tesla was not wrong about a great many things. But he didn't have Edison's eloquence. It's really that simple. DeLonge isn't credible. That doesn't make him wrong. It just means he comes off as a crackpot who's into this for the money. Nobody takes him seriously, because he's too invested in the idea of investment itself. That's why they moved away from him. Credibility. Not fact, not likeability, and certainly not because Tom is fake. It's because Tom is just "off" enough that he doesn't seem to know what he's doing. Tom's credibility in the music industry simply doesn't translate to credibility in this topic. Everyone hoped for a couple years. But it became clear that he simply can't command enough respect to make TtSA work. Not even in the community where it seems logical that he might be able to bring people together. They left him behind for that one reason alone. Credibility counts. Tom did that to himself. Nobody else did that to him. Unlike Tesla.

Wtf you bringing politics into this for dude. It’s my last refuge from that horseshit.

Lol boil me down to a political party! I’ve been studying aliens long enough to know we’re a human family, fruits from the same tree! I want us all to do well! 🌲

If anyone has been behaving bizarrely here, it's you and you only. Culture war conservatives who obsess over "wokeness" are far more insufferable and appear much more deranged than someone who thinks that minorities shouldn't be stigmatized by the kind of bullies that are so ubiquitous in the ranks of the far right.

Your comment has been removed for violating our rules. Please review those rules below.Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

Tell me, how many times have you been able to film a distant flying object while in a moving vehicle and kept the target PERFECTLY static in a zoomed in frame?

It looks fake as fuck because the tracking is off and tips the nose of the craft up and down, which is a sign that this video is an obvious fake.

It’s actually exeggcutor

>i think it's ExECutor, but tbh EXecutor sounds cooler lol

It’s ExECutor. I don’t think that EXecutor is a word, the word people are thinking of is executioner.

It's "Executor", not "Executor"

No, look at a picture of the Executor. It doesn’t have the towering command structure that sits above the rest of the ship like the Imperial Star Destroyers. It looks more like a giant cityscape rimmed in by large metal edges. Totally different profile.

Yeah I still think most of what’s posted is bullshit. Especially anything from delonge and these guru types.

This is possible but the brightness of the light didn’t change. It remained steady till it disappeared

I know I've had multiple encounters telepathicly versus sightings. I have seen everyday people close contact and have been able to see what I can only describe as their spirit animal superimposed over them. I can see who they really are no matter how they try to come off as. It allows me to see the entity behind the veil so to speak. I honestly believe we all gave that ability but have either calcified our penial gland our third eye, and have not been taught our true history and what we really are. The latter is most frightening to me. I have followed the rabbit hole for many years now and I'm convinced we don't know the half. I prefer the path of enlightenment to blind ignorance. The occupants are not all friendly and are not all organic. I know they are not all powerful as well. Don't take all lnformation about the subject as truth. I prefer to just go for the ride and remember to exit at the next destination.

Hyperspace home

Carry me ho...na na na na na na na na na na

Your love is a life takerrrr

Wrestle with JIIIIIIMMYYYYY

I was young when I first watched that movie and the alien abduction scene scared the crap out of me.

[deleted]

I still don’t understand why people are taking the guy from Blink-182 seriously. And I do actually like their music, I’m not a hater, but come on.

Ironically, they DO "talk" to each other.

Great documentary and fuuuuck Richard Doty

I think he's just overly excited and thus his BS radar is compromised to say the least lol

I like to imagine the secret meeting at the pentagon when they’re like “okay we need an influential pop icon to help spread ufo disinformation to justify our budget… is that band blink182 still around? That one guy is a believer and dumb as shit.”

Some people are cynical and disbelieving of the wrong things these days. Like Rogan, who won't believe a doctor about vaccines but will believe Bob Lazar when he says he worked on a shrink ray or whatever.

No, that is one of the main things (along with going from air into water without slowing or causing a splash) that lead me to two possibilities. 1) could be warping space/time around the craft or 2) could be intra-dimensional. But who knows why they don't appear to make sonic booms. That's up there with how could a physical body survive a 13+ G-force turn on a dime without turning the inhabitants to goo?

I think they just get stuff sent to them and the ones they can't work with and are not worth investigating are just released to the wild

I think he’s just posting it because it’s fun for him and he thinks posting fake cgi is gonna make the public more at ease witnessing crazy shit. Or he truly believes these videos are legitimate and he’s a dumbass.

DeLonge is a goddamn rockstar FFS He doesn’t need your money or attention

Idk man he’s probably more loaded from Blink than he ever dreamed of. I think he just might not be the sharpest tool in the shed. Though I appreciate the enthusiasm somewhat. I just disregard his contributions

No that’s def infront. Motion blur doesn’t look like that. I was a vfx artist for a looong time and spent far too much time looking at motion blur zoomed in

The onus is not on me to prove this, and I never made any claims about its validity… I simply asked him what evidence he has to support his claim that this was an obvious fake. He’s the one who made the claim, and all I did was ask for the evidence to support that.

This is what did it for me too, and it's not mentioned enough. From this perspective, this looks like a very large craft. The exhaust from the engine looks equally as big as the craft leaves the frame. Nothing else in the scene is lit by the engine exhaust. The video creator brightened the clouds uniformly, but otherwise nothing else changes. A flash of light this size (like a massive lighting strike) would illuminate the area around it, unevenly - we see nothing lit on the ground, we see no concentration of light in the clouds around the light source, no changes to the camera lens etc. There's probably more clues. The tracking ain't great, it seems to match the camera's frame. It's not really hovering still, it bounces up and down with the camera shake. It's focus never really changes. Someone saw the Chinese city in the sky debunked video from Captain Disillusion, and made their own. If it were real, we need to think that this one person in a car was the only one to see it? Something this huge? With this amount of light? Where is the sound? This moved pretty quick, and it's in atmosphere. It will have to do something right? It'll displace air regardless of how advanced it is, and that will create some sort of sound. "How are we meant to know what advanced technology looks like?" We won't, it's true. But we sure as hell know what a physical object looks like in real life, and we sure as hell know how to spot computer-generated art - we are fairly good at those things.

Could that zoom be edited in after the fact? Idk why anyone would bother but just curious.

It’d also a hallmark of cellphone recordings where people use digital zoom.

https://i.redd.it/5hnm5h5mq7ma1.jpg Not sure if links are allowed in this sub, or if I even have enough karma or account age to comment, but I took a screenshot of that moment.

It looks like the pole also passes behind the distant trees or whatever those are. The pole could be a window reflection from the other side of the vehicle?

"Tear this ship apart, I want then alive!"

If you slow the frames down you can see the outline of the “UFO” in the forefront of the poles the car is passing while driving….

Quite often, plus you don’t need to stare to notice something huge flashing past you

Who cares? This is massive and over a clearly populated area. How many people saw the Chelyabinsk meteor? A shitload, and tons of videos. But this one was only captured and only seen by this person? Use your brain here dude.

I look at the ground or my phone too much when I'm outside

It’s a video from Texas. They are filming a lowering cloud during a tornado watch.

One of the videos that the NYT promoted with their UAP story back in 2017. The Nimitz vid was released on a forum many years ago and the thread ripped it apart calling it bullshit, and well we know where that all went.

Look up “commander David Fravor USS Nimitz tic tac” Tic tac craft caught on multiple different detection instruments from multiple different vessels and planes, by what was the most advanced carrier group with the most advanced tech known to man. Craft not only confirmed by shitloads of instruments but also by eye witness account from the most credible witnesses the west has to offer. Commander David Fravor in particular is a fighter pilot squad leader with the utmost credibility.

I was hoping someone would get it 😂😂

He's either a rockstar who doesn't need our money, or he's deeply in debt. Pick one. Which is it? You're claiming both to be true. How convenient.

> Should we bash him for that? if he is helping to spread misinformation and making us all look like fools, yes we should bash him.

Not sure why you are being downvoted, I think people want to hate on TDL more than have a discussion....

He is considered a conspiracy theorist and his own band mates, family, and friends have said he’s become obsessed with gone off the deep end. His “work” has been mocked for like a decade now for faked images, false claims, and pseudoscience.

A bunch of had beens who aren’t relevant

If you actually paid attention you'll see that people have picked apart this video in this very comments section. Showing how somehow, the "ship" is in front of the street lamp pole for several frames.

Oh, this video? This is pretty obviously fake af. It’s the Turkey video I’m talking about, which seems to just be a cruise ship.

You’re talking about the OP video in this thread? The comment you replied to is referencing the Turkey video(s).

its called bs'ing under the guise of being logical

If you think calling a clip like this fake is cynical, and you seriously believe there’s a chance this clip is real, you’ve gone off the deep end.

Definitely bs. Probably the most ridiculous claim I've seen on this sub, so congrats on that I guess.

I believe you, where were you when this happened?

Skeptical that UFOs exist? No. Skeptical that they mimic Hollywood special effects such as this? Yep. Of all the footage that exists on UFO's the only ones that exhibit this effect are the obvious fake ones. Show me some credible footage of an object stretching like some Star Trek shit as it's engaging warp drive. It's ridiculous that anyone is entertaining this garbage. No wonder society doesn't take this shit seriously.

I gave you two examples of motion blur causing translucency. A thin object that sweeps over the sensor with constant velocity during the time the aperture is open will in fact create a sharp sweep like that. Imagine the photo is taken during one second. Divide the second into e.g. ten parts.Divide the area swept over by the pole into ten parts similarly. Over the total time, the pole will spend 1/10 s in each of the "tenths". But 9/10 of the total time, light will pass through from behind. (In reality it's continuous, not divided into discrete parts, but it's easy to understand.) The sharp edge comes from that the pole is fairly thin, so that it darkens every part of the sweep almost equally. A *wide* object would give you a darker (and less transparent) area in the middle, because it spends more time blocking the light in the middle than it does near the edges. Heh, downvoted by people who think I'm claiming the video shows a UFO.

>For starters, motion blur doesn’t create opacity. This is actually exactly what motion blur does.

Follow the Standards of Civility: No trolling or being disruptive. No insults or personal attacks. No accusations that other users are shills. No hate speech. No abusive speech based on race, religion, sex/gender, or sexual orientation. No harassment, threats, or advocating violence. No witch hunts or doxxing. (Please redact usernames when possible) You may attack each other's ideas, not each other.

Checkmate. Lol

What did you just say, punk?

How many assholes we got on this ship?

What's a matter, Colonel Sanders? Chicken?

Preparing, preparing. You’re always preparing, just go!

Dark Helmet : Careful you idiot! I said across her nose, not up it! Laser Gunner : Sorry sir! I'm doing my best! Dark Helmet : Who made that man a gunner? Major Asshole : I did sir. He's my cousin. Dark Helmet : Who is he? Colonel Sandurz : He's an asshole sir. Dark Helmet : I know that! What's his name? Colonel Sandurz : That is his name sir. Asshole, Major Asshole! Dark Helmet : And his cousin? Colonel Sandurz : He's an asshole too sir. Gunner's mate First Class Philip Asshole! Dark Helmet : How many assholes do we have on this ship, anyway? [Entire bridge crew stands up and raises a hand] Entire Bridge Crew : Yo! Dark Helmet : I knew it. I'm surrounded by assholes! [Dark Helmet pulls his face shield down] Dark Helmet : Keep firing, assholes!

*Flips down helmet* "... LONESTAR!" *Bangs head into camera*

Only one man would dare give me the raspberry

We'd be living in Alderaan places.

[deleted]

Ma'am, without a destination solution...

i love robotech my nan bought me it on video when i was very young :) so cool! :)

Yeah he's a mark's mark

Damn. I guess this is growing up.

[deleted]

Not in relation to this joke of a video.

Real question: what causes the white tracers? Just trying to understand what I'm seeing, real or fake. Seems that type of tracer would come from a thin wing or something of that sort. So we are definitely seeing this from a more 2d perspective. Whatever it is it seems to be thinner in the "front" direction of travel.Or is it supposed to be a triangular vehicle

That's the thing, and I agree. If these are physics defying craft that can do maneuvers we have ever seen, and aren't made by humans, then we'll, the video of the objects will look "fake" to us, just because what we are seeing is so out of the norm.

There's also a lot of videos of military aircraft following all the laws of physics that people in here will insist are aliens cuz they've never seen a plane drop flares before...

I have to wonder if there is some kind of organized campaign to discredit the only people who have actually gotten us anywhere with UAPs.

> You think those ex government guys honestly want to bring us the truth? They themselves have been looking more and more like grifters with each passing month.

Not really. They have acknowledged that leaked Unexplained Aerial Phenomenon video is real. They don't claim to know where it came from or what it is.https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/28/us/pentagon-ufo-videos.html

**Yes, they also said they recovered artificial material not of this earth. If that's not a soft disclosure, I don't know what is.**

Have you spent the last few years in Siberia ?

Bruh nobody is claiming they are up there in fucking star destroyers tho

The addition of that silly soundtrack designed to evoke mystery alone is a good indication that this video is the product of CGI. There are a few other videos that show instant acceleration and they look far more credible than this one. [This one from 1993 for instance.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nL1uNqbyp4)

This sub has completely jumped the shark, its just creative writing at this point.

What’s do you mean “fact”??

Agreed. DeLonge has been squandering all the good will he once earned by being the unlikely messenger that he was. Same thing with Elizondo, he wasn't worthy of the trust people placed in him considering how vague and inaccurate many of his declarations have been. This topic deserved better.

Downvoted for being correct

How has ancient aliens done anything to get the governments to treat it seriously? That show spreads disproven conspiracy theories and makes the community look like wackjobs. Hell, thats the entire point behind giorgio tsoukalos

Pile on the ridicule ,but the fact is ,occasionally, the AA folks @ History Channel actually strike a boatload of nerves and get people asking the right questions! They're doing *something* right ,since it's one of the flagship shows ,and a long-running one,too ! (my particular favorite is "spaceship moon" simply because of the look on the face of the first man to step foot there at his first press conference upon return !)

Ancient Aliens is just racism. It's always "there's absolutely no way that the brown people were intelligent enough to create technology and architecture, no only white men can do that, so it ***MUST*** have been aliens"

Not the same people. Dumb conspiracy theorists were claiming that the images of the Roadster in space were fake. I was arguing with a moron who thinks that the Earth is flat and that space is fake in /r/HighStrangeness just a couple of days ago. On the other hand, it's entirely reasonable to assume that this low quality video (in an age where smartphones with good camera sensors are ubiquitous) with an added soundtrack designed to evoke mystery is most likely fake.

This. 100% this haha

“The real thing” would have a context, backstory and corroborating data. This is a what, 4-second-long original video with no provenance? Either Tom knows the source/context and refuses to share it with us, which puts his supposed push for disclosure into question, or he also just found this video on the internet and is equally clueless about it yet instantly claims aliens. There is simply no good way to put this.

Interesting thought. Given I've seen probably 10,000 ufo videos at this point, it's statistically likely I wouldn't believe it

Happy cake day!

If you never saw a banana before and then saw one you’d have no idea it was a banana. We don’t have a point of reference just what we’ve seen in the movies.

Happy cake day

remember in 2008 when the nimitz video leaker and everyone called it fake and cgi lmao

Where’s the swamp gas post. I know it’s coming!

Yeah it’s the boy who cried wolf, you’d think people would be able to relate the moral of that story to their own lives, but clearly they can’t. The idea was that the wolf *does exist*. Wouldn’t surprise me if many of the fake videos out there were deliberately created by intelligence agencies to leverage this exact psychological effect when the real stuff inevitably comes out.

Would be an interesting theory if he didn't promote 100% debunked stuff.

Imagine if this video is legit tho. These comments seem pretty funny in that frame of mind

Buddy, Tesla used AC. Not dc.

[removed]

[deleted]

Thanks for explaining. I am not at all trying to force explanations as to why something is real, I want conclusive evidence that doesn't require jumping through hoops to rationalize its legitimacy. I just wish people would explain why they think something is fake, rather than judt saying it's fake as fuck.

yeah, but I want the alohoan one with the long neck

Ummm... in your first post, you suggested it looked like an Imperial-class Star Destroyer. Now you are suggesting it looks like an Executor-class Star Destroyer. Make up your mind!

i once had something floating above my car shining a light..when i said out loud, "im gonna film this shit" it vanished edit: more context. I was in the middle of the woods at 2:00 in the morning in South Carolina driving down the highway. I was initially sure I saw a train light and then I thought I saw a drone but it kept up with my car for so long that suddenly I got freaked out and around then it left

I love y’all lol y’all make life worth living here

This too gave me the giggles

Dear daddy, I write you

I can’t confront you.

Can’t tell if y’all know that this isn’t a Blink-182 song or not…

Same, didn’t sleep right for a year when i was 12. Very good movie

Well, he has put a lot of things together and figured a lot of stuff out on his own

I think this is why he was pretty much replaced by Corbell as the disseminator for the younger generation. I suspect Tom was the first choice but he’s just too unfocused.

He needs to find something else to ruin

He has 100 mill

Yes motion blur does look like that. I’ve spent a lot of time looking and creating motion blur too lol. wave your hand quickly in front of an object in low light as you a take a picture with your cell phone. The longer exposure creates a transparent effect. It’s the same thing. I’m not saying this is real but theres motion blur on the foreground poles gives it transparency revealing the object behind it.

Except it doesn’t zoom into the middle of the screen, it zooms into the object. That’s not how zoom works on a phone camera. On a phone it would zoom to the centre of the screen and the borders would get cropped off symmetrically top/bottom and left/right

By a “fake” digital zoom I mean one that’s done as part of the video editing process to mimic an actual camera zoom.

This comment proves this video is fake. Well done lads

Well done my friend.

Think someone would need to test it to see for sure. The poles are definitely in the foreground but I do also see the trees to appear before the pole as you did. I’m wondering if it’s so close to viewer and so far relative to the focal length that the motion blur creates that effect. I will say something with the tracking of the object is bugging me though… I’m thinking where the dark clouds begin and up is all cgi and that’s why the tracking looks off.

You're right, if you pause it right you can see the "engine" in front of the pole.

Don’t forget about all the security cameras, doorbells etc that would have filmed this too

This is my point. People on this sub are more likely to look up, but almost none of us are doing that all day. So if there's a UFO that doesn't stand out and makes no sound, how many people are gonna notice?

Was it confirmed to be a craft specifically?

In what way has Tom made you look like a fool? Maybe he made himself look like a fool, but he didn’t do anything to you man People think you got to shit on everybody. They get a thrill from that If you don’t like him ignore him FFS

People give themselves a tingle on here by shitting on everyone else. It’s a little touch of dopamine for them

I’m not a huge fan but an easy search shows a massive world tour: North America, Europe, Latin America, Oceania. 79 tour dates, looks like most major cities in the world.

that's no substitute for an analysis from a CGI expert.

i think a bunch of cynical redditors saying a clip is CGI isn't enough to make it so. maybe it is, maybe it isn't

Well I can tell you've never seen an actual UFO. Trust me when I say it. Once it happens you'll know it's real. I wouldn't lie about something like that. I remember it vividly since it scares the living crap out of me.

I knew it! I'm surrounded by assholes!

How many you need?

One less with that fused butt of yours

"Prepare^ship! *Ahem*. PREPAPRE SHIP, FOR LUDICROUS SPEED!"

I'm surrounded by assholes

This deserves way more upvotes. 💯

Take my upvote, im taking this phrase

I mean, it was a long time ago, so hopefully he's not with us anymore.

My father used to let it play all hours of the night. The intro is burned into my brain and gives me nothing but nostalgia. I wish they would make more.

To me, it seems as though the craft would have to be in the atmosphere to be visible through those clouds. If the craft were in the atmosphere, it would have to interact with the air in some way. Hypothetically, the white light could be the air filling the voidspace rapidly after acceleration. Sort of like when an explosion happens under water.

Earths electromagnetic field must play a part in their propulsion. Some crazy electromagnetic interaction that we don't understand fully yet. Most visible light produced is a result of the surrounding air particles getting excited at various intensities. I bet orange ball crafts seen are a lower energy output than white zaps like this. Incredible video if real. The government literally told us that crafts of unknown nature and movement exist in our skies. Wild.

Atmospheric friction

Adobe Aftereffects lightning/laser effect.

How fried are you?

My theory: some sort of energy that gets built up in order for it to move so fast. As we’ve seen before in movies, the whole tunnel ordeal. It crossed my mind that it indeed could be a tunnel to the passengers. The fast movement + the “energy” built up causes the tunnel effect with the lights. Just my take

CGI caused it.

Me too! Just unappreciated.

Actually they may have picked the perfect guy to spread disinfo. Now that I think about it. Tom will believe everything they tell him and he will repeat it with conviction because he’s too naïve to realize he’s being lied to

Where did you read/hear this? That's new to me and I've been following along pretty consistently.

When? Source?

nah lol I just don't know. There's so much info out there, it's hard to get through it all, let alone find stuff that's actually correct

Makes you wonder though, what if those smaller drones, like in that YouTube video, are being sent out by megaships like this one which is also capable of near instantaneous acceleration?

you were downvoted for bein 100% correct. take my upvote

My point is that the surreal will always look fake because even when it's in high def, it'll look too much like a movie.

But also swamp gas

Except we do have a point of reference in the form of officially confirmed unexplained cases and commonly reported UAP shapes, and neither of them describe anything looking like a flying silhouette of a fucking hunting rifle.

Okay, I'm not correcting it, even though you are correct. Because the detail that I got backwards isn't the point. The point is credibility. I am not a credible electrician. But you can see that the issue of credibility is an easy one to screw up.

CGI would be fake.... which is what they said it was. So did you really argue with them when you already were in agreement?

That’s fair. You should check out captain disillusion, he does a great job showing how free software running on minimum specs can make somewhat convincing fakes.

No, I’m saying the opposite. It looks like an Imperial Star Destroyer. You said that they looked the same, I was pointing out the differences.

In spite of years of silence

I never could do

Its a blink weezer 182 song

He didn’t ruin anything. What have you added to the topic?

I think the thing that really makes it seem on top is it’s slightly darker on the over lap. But I suppose though lots of phones apply looks and colour correction behind the scenes.

Damn that's a great point, i didn't notice that at first

[deleted]

Not necessarily tbh, modern phone cameras do a lot of interpolation and AI-assisted guesswork to fill in blanks in what would normally be a really bad image. It's really weird to look at in certain cases, like if I take a photo of a far away sign my phone tries to basically fill in the blanks of the text and it ends up looking like a nonsense approximation of letters rather than actual English words. That's not to say that this isn't fake, more that modern smartphone camera tech can make it really hard to tell. Honestly, the bigger thing that makes me think it's fake is the horrible resolution of the video, that's often done on purpose to hide flaws that would make CGI obvious at higher resolutions and the vast majority of modern phones are capable of much better video than this.

Idk much about cg, so my perspective doesn't mean much. I just don't particularly like when an entire thread regurgitates one point like "the pole goes in front so fake". In that case I guess the trees might be cg too. Either way, I agree that the video seems wonky. Anytime there's atmospheric/ambient pads to raise the 'spookiness' factor of a video, my skepticism meter starts going up. But at the end of the day, I wait to see the incoming cg breakdowns on both sides.

Only those that were accidentally looking right at that moment, and only if it stopped or slowed down for that moment, so pretty rare.

>how many people are gonna notice? More than 1 dude, fucking obviously.

Indeed. The most confirmed case the public is aware of. Look it up. Endless info about it. Confirmed by the pentagon. 60 minutes episodes. Whatever media institution you trust. Multiple extremely credible eye witnesses. Multiple sensors of the most advanced quality known to man. The most indisputable UAP case that we know of as of now. By a long shot.

this movement is bigger than me or Delonge. When an outsider comes to this sub or checks out his twitter feed and they see this trash it reinforces the idea that we are all a bunch of nutjobs and that this is all just hoaxes and science fiction. whats more than that, he is a public figure and he is putting himself out there. being a public figure comes with a lot of perks but it also comes with some drawbacks. one of those drawbacks is that if he publicly acts like a jackass people are free to call him a jackass.... and he is a jackass.

TDL legitimately moves the field ahead, gets shit on Lazar who is an obvious fake, is still referenced, 30 years later fuckin reddit wild lmao

You can see the object through the telephone pole when the clip slows down. It doesn’t take an expert.

It’s fake. Have you seen any other videos of this? Have you heard anyone else talk about this? An object this big, and that drastic of an escape, there has to be a few more people posting/mentioning this on their socials. Like other people have said, if you slow down the video frame by frame, the pole passes behind the object…DeLonge is known for posting fake videos. He’s kind of a whacko. I want to believe as much as the next guy, but c’mon man. Use some common sense.

Whatever you need to tell yourself. That's a special effect created for dramatic effect in space movies/shows. You're either full of it or you need help.

Keep firing assholes!

Batten down the hatches.

Keep firing asshole!

Well some of what has been observed seem to defy that reasoning. Like the video of one of the tic-tacs lounging into the ocean. It made zero splash. as if it didn't break the water. And also these things have been observed exceeding the sound barrier with no sonic boom.

:: throws a pile of napkins ::

If the craft accelerated as fast as in this video, there would have to be a sonic boom. Not even necessarily because the craft made noise, but even if it jumped to a different dimension all that air would have to rush to fill the gap, and cause thunder. Even if the craft can defy physics, air can't. Thats why id say this is definitely fake. Remember, keep an open mind about what the aliens might be able to do with the ship itself, but the rest of nature still has to follow physics. If it doesn't, the video is likely fake

dude, it's a special effect that someone made in their mom's basement...

Do you have links to these government confirmations?

Not saying you're wrong. I just think this sub is getting a lot of attention and we need to be able to backup our comments with facts. There is a very thin line between the tin foil hat club and people that actually investigate this phenomenon.

The Pentagon admitted to it a while ago. https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/pentagon-ufo-alloys-program-recover-material-unidentified-flying-objects-not-recognise-us-government-a8117801.html **Imagine discovering artificial material from another planet and the news "forgets" to talk about it.**How could they forget? This is the most important news since the massive flood at the end of the ice age! **No one believes or no one gives a fuck, weird.**

Here: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/pentagon-ufo-alloys-program-recover-material-unidentified-flying-objects-not-recognise-us-government-a8117801.html

At least 3 times in the last 2 years the mainstream news has released previously leaked cockpit / radar footage of fast-moving ,impossible to explain objects making mincemeat of physics as we know it .

Why am I bothering? The Executor-class Star Destroyers are more commonly known as Super Star Destroyers. The Imperial-class Star Destroyers are the smaller, more common Star Destroyer.

You cleaned up, found ~~jesus~~ aliens

I have added that Tom Delonge needs to ruin something else. Thought that was obvious mate. Also, Tom is the guy you bring in when you want to discredit something, not who you want as a spokesperson. The fact that he shared that video, without a doubt a fake, tells me Tom has shit for brains and lakes critical thinking.

Yeah I've been reading about it. I don't see where it was confirmed that was in fact a craft. What does the U stand for?

Yeah, I came here from r/all and that was my 1st thought. “Who the fuck thinks this video looks real?” I’m interested in UFOs, but I’ve never seen anything whether online or in real life to make me a believer they’ve been here. I think it’s plausible, but I’m just gonna “sit on the fence” till I see something noteworthy. Edit: I take that back. The guy hitting a ufo with his green laser was pretty damn convincing. Lol I still don’t know though

Yeah. Haters gonna hate Good luck

maybe that's an effect of having the camera in a moving car

there was another thread about this vid. and yes in that thread someone talked about seeing a UAP like that in 2017 i think it was

That is the easiest way to describe what I saw. It literally stretched out and then shot off. To me that is what made me believe warp is real. You'll know if you ever see it. Why would warp be so hard to believe?

I said across her nose, not UP it!

I said hyper jump not hyper leap.

He's my cousin sir.

Cancel the 3-ring circus!

Roger that asshole!

Yes, I see your point. But assuming that this video is real (highly unlikely), this craft would be significantly larger and a different shape. Possibly using a different system of propultion, like slip space as opposed to anti matter.

I'll take your napkins and raise you two spoons💰

Who’s to say they exist in this dimension any way other than visually?

Pretty sure one of Bob Lazar's claims about the UFOs he worked on was that it could break the speed of sound without creating a sonic boom.

Tic tac made no boom. No visible means of propulsion. Amazing acceleration. According to top gun Navy witnesses.

Ok I understand what you're saying but to play the devil's advocate what if the ships propulsion system uses that for acceleration. A crude example would be a bottle of water and you fill the bottle with enough air to replace the water. The atmosphere is the bottle the ship is the water and its propulsion system shoots the ship out of our atmosphere just as the water would shoot out of the bottle if you filled it with air. With this theory you would be able to avoid the air collapsing as the mass would not change it would just be replaced. Just food for thought.

> If the craft accelerated as fast as in this video, there would have to be a sonic boom. This shit again? Are you not paying attention at all?

I'm not sure the video lasted long enough after the fact for a sonic boom to happen. Sonic boom can only move as fast as sound and depending on how far away the alleged craft's location is from the pov it's likely there would be a several second delay.

https://www.dni.gov/index.php/newsroom/reports-publications/reports-publications-2023/item/2354-2022-annual-report-on-unidentified-aerial-phenomenaPage 5 states that there are 171 cases of UAPs that are "uncharacterized"..."some of these uncharacterized UAP appear to have unusual flight characteristics or performance capabilities".

No shit. I am looking at models of them. You are the one that said the video looks like a Super Star Destroyer. I disagree. I think the back half looks like the command tower.

Things are good or so i hear..

Again, the dude put millions of his own money towards furthering disclosure in the best way he could think. What personal sacrifices have made to further disclosure? He could be a fool, and crazy and everything else but he gets credit from me having his heart in the right place.

I suppose I misunderstood your comment, I apologize. When you said “craft” my mind immediately assumed you were asking if it* is confirmed to be a physical object rather than a digital creation. I’m not quite sure why I made that assumption but I wasn’t thinking clearly. I only know that is is confirmed to be a physical object in reality maneuvering in our airspace. Not necessarily whether it was a craft or something else entirely.

Knowing wrong from right and calling it out does not make you a hater

I said the same thing. I hate the sub for this reason. A bunch of children just pig backing off of each other's comments of it being a fake. With the camera zoomed in as well as it being recorded from a moving car would make it hard to tell if the telephone pole is in front or behind.

At 6 and 11 seconds. Pause the video and scrub frame by frame. Focus on the “tail” of the object when the pole passes. You can still see the tail when the pole is supposed to be in front of it.

Slow down the video frame by frame. Watch the poles. The object is still visible when the pole is in front of it. How do you explain that?

According to the laws of physics ftl travel isn't possible, but I'd believe that it is possible before I'd believe that it just happens to mimic Hollywood special effects that were created just for dramatic effect. I'm not discussing this with you any further. It's garbage like this from people like you that gives ammo towards the stigmatization of the topic.

r/Spaceballs

I'll take 2 spoons and raise you to ketchup on the wall.

Because in this video the craft is making noise. Sound requires physical mediums to produce it. And if they only exist in this dimension visually, we should at least be exploring Occam's razor which is military hologram tech

Whos to say this wasn’t Jesus?

Well sure, but if I remember correctly the tic tacs were only visible on instruments. And they were sighted near a new Chinese military ship. One with a very new, very classified Electronic Warfare Suite if I remember correctly. That could have possibly had something to do with it?

I'm sure, but it would be odd to stop the video there if there was a sonic boom after

Thanks friend! This will keep me busy at work

You think a large area looks like a tower? Towers generally stick up.

This bottle of Steven’s awakens ancient ~~feelings~~ aliens

Tom is on some level a celebrity. He also does not know how to filter information that he receives, he believes everything no matter how ridiculous. A person like that who has a lot more visibility and reach than the average person is the perfect rube. They can pump him full of disinformation, he’ll believe everything they tell him and he will spread it. To the stars Academy is a joke when you see who those guys are and what they did before this. Tom will continue to make a fool out of himself and he will continue to discredit the field, just by his presence and idiotic naivety. You asked me what I’ve done for the field. Nothing, does that mean I can’t have an opinion? I haven’t done anything for the medical field either, or physics. Can I have an opinion regarding any of those fields? Also, he put millions into To the Stars? He’s basically paying them to lie to him which is an amazing grift

Was it confirmed to be maneuvering?

maybe its just an effect of having the camera in a moving car

[deleted]

The craft made noise in this video?

The Higgs Field is removed from the craft, the Higgs Field is what gives physical matter it's mass. Remove it and the craft occupies space in a different manor. Extreme acceleration from a low voltage

It very well could be. Gotta keep an open mind! Lol

Me I will say it. No God's just misinterpreted information

The government has officially said they are not Russian and they’re not Chinese.

Like alien, step alien, the alien is drowning in the aliens

Haters gonna hate. For me Elizondo, Mellon, and Semivan saying this all would not have happened without Tom helps me cut him some slack. How do you interact with the dude anyway? Is he in your face like all the time every day? Do you follow him on Instagram and Twitter? Why? I rarely see him. He’s never on any of the top Podcasts anymore. He’s on Reddit about once a month as near as I can tell. But haters gonna hate.

Via radar yes. Via a pilots eyes, yes. The video itself is obviously controversial because it doesn’t show much of anything in detail.

I’m starting to get the feeling that you are asking questions you already know the answer to in order to catch me in a semantics debate. Yes it was maneuvering, caught on multiple imaging instruments and sensors, based on multiple vessels and aircraft. Also multiple fighter pilot strike teams witnessed it maneuvering, and at least one strike team commander engaged with it in evasive and aggressive maneuvers.

That’s… not how it works, but obviously you want to believe this is real, and no logical explanation is going to change your mind, so if it makes you feel better, then you can believe.

[removed]

