"neutral","The following submission statement was provided by /u/8ran60n: --- I downloaded the video on request from the other post I made. Have you guys ever seen this one? Not sure what to make of it. Tom posted on Instagram 6 hours ago. --- Please reply to OP's comment here: https://old.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/11kilxx/video_tom_delonge_post_from_instagram_texas/jb7cxgj/"
"neutral","Looks like the Nimbus 2000"
"neutral","...did it jump to hyperspace? This looks faker than standard scifi effects"
"neutral","Eclipse class star destroyer sighted over Texas"
"neutral","Is that a super star destroyer?"
"neutral","I’m from Texas and I was on a hill with my girlfriend. Above us I saw something huge in the clouds moving slow but I couldn’t make it out. It was like it was camouflaged with the clouds. While I tried to make it out to my girlfriend to show her she says something like “yeh I think I see what you’re talking about…” and at that instant a shooting star on the other side of the sky shot pass and caught our attention and what was above us was just not there anymore. I feel like I sound ridiculously crazy every time I tell the story. This video reminded me of that real or not."
"neutral","Say it ain’t so"
"negative","I don't know what to say other than it's some of the fakest shit I've ever seen. What's the context? When was it taken? Who took it? Why were they filming at that time? etc."
"neutral","This is giving me major CGI vibes..."
"positive","Princess Leia escaping in the nick of time..."
"neutral","Found some better quality videos online. [Here’s a copy reupped of one of them.](https://i.imgur.com/IyFrMWv.mp4) Earliest I saw was March 25, 2021 but I don’t think it was the original as it was on one of those UFO portal channels. There’s less compression artifacts and this copy isn’t as cropped in so and you can see the foreground better. This gives it a better look in my opinion. Note how the foreground bounces around more from the car yet the cloud line does not as much do to distance parallax. This object stays relative to the clouds. I think it is definitely a video worth a closer look and not something we should let our bias quickly dismiss off hand."
"neutral","I’m not defending this clip or anything but what if something so crazy looking happens that your brain automatically goes “Fake. Nope, that’s fake. Bye”. Lol."
"negative","Literally how a low IQ person would film pre-planning where to put the CG A real reaction would not have a steady pointed shot, and would actually look backwards to where the ship seemingly zoomed off to"
"positive","This sub is still just as goofy as always I see."
"neutral","tom delonge is really just posting every single UFO clip he sees now lmao"
"neutral","I think the biggest issue with a video like this being released out into the wild by someone of at least some form of higher level on the subject, is that what video will it take for anyone to deem a video “believable” without question? It’s tough. Does it look real? IDK. Is the video quality slightly better than a potato? Yes, slightly. But it’s tough."
"neutral","I’m tired of everyone giving themselves a tingle by shitting by someone else. Is Tom crazy? I have no idea. But the guy gave up a lucrative career as a rockstar, put millions of his own money into his personal project. Has anyone here had the balls to do anything but listen to a podcast? He can’t be labeled with the standard smear – “grifter“ because he is a legit fucking rockstar. He doesn’t need your money or attention. You can be skeptical, like me, and not have every comment hit like a baseball bat FFS I feel the same way about Corbell. An admitted rank amateur, he had the balls to pick up a camera and start pointing it at people and asking questions. I’m happy he makes a full-time living at being irritating on the subject of UAP. And yes, I find him irritating. Hate on me now, but please tell me what you’ve done personally to move disclosure forward. And always remember- nobody knows *anything* until the government cooperates."
"negative","Seriously, this looks faked. Is there footage from other angles, other people? Something this large would have got attention."
"neutral","Just as soon as one person says it's fake everyone else agrees, does anyone ever have a worthwhile take other than its BS. I've yet to see A UFO video where everyone didn't slam the poster as a grifter. Are all these negative posters bots, or just just a herd of sheep??This video, could be the real deal and everyone just automatically says BS. What do you think a real alien space conveyance looks like?? Anyone have a take, or is it all BS?"
"positive","Thanks for the laugh. I needed one today."
"neutral","Okay don't get me wrong, looks fake.... BUT, is it possible these are real and the community at large writes them off because it's a guy who used to run naked around LA while filming music videos that is releasing them? If I'm in Tommy-Boy's shoes and actually want to help move closer to full disclosure (really just government confirmation at this point), then I'd be very careful to post known bullshit or easily debunked videos. Has anyone ever 100% debunked the Turkey video/picture showing beings that he claims to be legit?"
"positive","Real/fake, that was dope!"
"neutral","has anyone done any sort of analysis to determine that it is in fact CGI, or does the magic power of incredulity make it so?"
"neutral","It looks like a UFO from this old artists depiction in an old book🤔 https://imgur.com/gallery/mZF5r9Q"
"negative","Welp, there goes the last bit of integrity. Meh, I don't know why I ever considered it might not end in bullshit like this."
"neutral","How is everyone so certain it’s cgi/fake?"
"neutral","Covenant battle cruiser"
"neutral","Ludicrous speed!"
"neutral","It’s the destiny from stargate universe"
"neutral","finally the proof we need. All these years."
"negative","No longer even bothering to make it look real. Just put ominous music"
"negative","Fake as fuck"
"negative","People need to stop giving him a free pass."
"neutral","The fake optic zoom really puts the cherry on top... Mwah!"
"negative","My God that's so fake looking"
"negative","That is fake as fuck"
"neutral","Imperial Ship-Confirmed"
"negative","This looks fake af"
"neutral","What’s his age again??"
"neutral","What class Star Destroyer is that?"
"negative","The flash was a bit much"
"positive","This sub is comedy on a daily basis"
"neutral","[deleted]"
"neutral","I've seen a ship do the ""star trek"" jump before. It was just like out of the starting intro to ""The next generation"". I saw it completely stretch out and then vanish. That was like 20-25 years ago so I do believe this could be real."
"neutral","The negative commentary is disappointing. Tom Delonge has done more for disclosure than the entire Redditor community. He should be given some respect. I do my best to not say anything here that I wouldn't say to someone's face especially because I have not done anything to justify me criticizing anybody. Inquiry would be helped if people were just a little bit more humble. I agree that video evidence is completely dependent upon the veracity of its source because it is easily faked. However, Tom Delonge was at least partially responsible for producing the most verified video evidence of UFOs ever released to the public. So I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt here . . . but would like to hear more about the source of this video."
"negative","Unless those lampposts are invisible I don’t know what to tell you. This is the worst vfx I have ever seen. Here’s an [obvious frame](https://ibb.co/Df4cbbV)"
"negative","What's the point of posting fake shit, if in fact this is fake? Is they're a benefit at all? The herd is going to call it all BS anyway. So why would someone make the effort to do that only to get knocked down.... It makes little sense."
"positive","That would be so bad-ass"
"negative","First thought: Fake. Second thought: Why my brain thinks it’s fake? In reality many things looks worse than CGI. Life is boring and dull and so can be warp ships. Tom don’t let us beg you and shed some light on the issue for less than 5000 bucks."
"neutral","I downloaded the video on request from the other post I made. Have you guys ever seen this one? Not sure what to make of it. Tom posted on Instagram 6 hours ago."
