"neutral","Stepping in to say that there was no AI involved with the analysis of this photo, which was conducted around 2001 by David Rudiak. Mr. Rudiak's interpretation was based on original microfiche images, scanned in at 600-1200 dpi, and the only software used was PaintShop Pro. http://roswellproof.homestead.com/Methods.html"
"neutral","That seems very detailed, presumably this was from a much higher resolution photograph than the one shown here though?"
"neutral","The following submission statement was provided by /u/user678990655: --- Original photo w/ the debris: [https://library.uta.edu/roswell/node/2](https://library.uta.edu/roswell/node/2) High-res scans of the letter: [https://library.uta.edu/roswell/ramey-memo](https://library.uta.edu/roswell/ramey-memo) analysis: [http://roswellproof.homestead.com/index.html](http://roswellproof.homestead.com/index.html) On July 8, 1947 at 5:26 EDT, an Associated Press news wire announced that Roswell Army Air Field had reported recovering a ""flying disk"" from a nearby rancher's property, first found ""sometime last week,"" and that it was being flown to ""higher headquarters."" The curious base press release triggered a national press feeding frenzy. Within about an hour of the press release, Gen. Ramey began putting out an alternate weather balloon version of the story. And about two hours later, the photo at the above right was taken of Gen. Ramey (crouched down) and his Chief of Staff, Col. Thomas Dubose (seated). --- Please reply to OP's comment here: https://old.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/11vip6d/the_deciphered_letter_held_in_the_hands_of_gen/jct72g1/"
"neutral","Original photo w/ the debris: [https://library.uta.edu/roswell/node/2](https://library.uta.edu/roswell/node/2) High-res scans of the letter: [https://library.uta.edu/roswell/ramey-memo](https://library.uta.edu/roswell/ramey-memo) analysis: [http://roswellproof.homestead.com/index.html](http://roswellproof.homestead.com/index.html) On July 8, 1947 at 5:26 EDT, an Associated Press news wire announced that Roswell Army Air Field had reported recovering a ""flying disk"" from a nearby rancher's property, first found ""sometime last week,"" and that it was being flown to ""higher headquarters."" The curious base press release triggered a national press feeding frenzy. Within about an hour of the press release, Gen. Ramey began putting out an alternate weather balloon version of the story. And about two hours later, the photo at the above right was taken of Gen. Ramey (crouched down) and his Chief of Staff, Col. Thomas Dubose (seated)."
"neutral","Seems that FOIA request should be a viable way to read something that is 75 years old…"
"negative","I don't understand this image at all. Why would the general be holding that letter next to a foil? The totality of the situation doesn't make sense."
"negative","Jesse Marcel also was photographed with the 'wreckage' and he came forward in the 70s and said the photos were not of the real wreckage, and that he believed there was a coverup, and that he had held the real wreckage, and he believed it extraterrestrial. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ErHBm8G4zI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ErHBm8G4zI) I spent the first 32 years of my life thinking Roswell was just some stupid weather balloon. But 15 minutes of research and now I'm a UFOlogist. I hate Roswell. We need to force those assholes in the private defense sector that have UFOS AND ALIEN BODIES, into the public. And then we need to prosecute them."
"neutral","Blade Runner tech. I've seen this before."
"neutral","I think everyone that has seriously looked into Roswell knows the official story is incredibly bogus"
"neutral","I've always assumed it would only be a matter of time before technology reaches a point where this can be analyzed by a program to finally read it. I don't know if this is what that is or even if this is true, but it would be funny if this whole thing was blown up by this photo."
"negative","Men In Black: “Alright, as you know, an alien space craft was recovered. In it there were aliens. We made the mistake of making this information public, so now we’re going to do a photo shoot of a weather balloon.” Gen. Ramey: I know. I have this extremely top secret Memo that explains all this. I just carry it around with me. Should I hold the memo during the photo? MIB: I don’t see why not. It’s totally normal practice to walk around carrying the most sensitive information out in the open."
"negative","It's amazing how many trolls are a part of this forum. They get on here just to argue with people and act like computer scientists. It's hilarious. Always have something to say and some knowledge that they have somehow obtained through absolutely no means of education."
"neutral","At some point the military claimed weather balloon kites made with foil and balsa I-beams which contained faded lettering. It sounds plausible but if so, what would cause someone to announce a flying saucer had been found. Hard to mistake one for the other."
"positive","If accurate this is pretty amazing"
"negative","But yet they can’t spell the word disc the same way in the memo"
"neutral","Not proof but it's compelling evidence. Perhaps it's time we pull out the original negatives again and run them into moden AI and see what it can glean. This analysis was done years ago before all this new AI enhancement tech"
"neutral","Wow. This can be totally feasible, and doesn’t use “AI.” There’s many articles warning that improperly pixelating sensitive info in screenshots opens the door to that text being decipherable. Eg, https://www.darkreading.com/vulnerabilities-threats/pixelating-text-leads-to-information-leakage-warns-firm But what I’d like to see is a peer-reviewed paper about the method and results. Where are the scientists when you need them?"
"negative","This is nonsense. There is no way anyone is ever going to be able to pull coherent text from those hi-res images. It will always be based on guesswork and interpretation. Considering the guesswork and interpretation is also done by people that already believe Roswell was about a crashed UFO it's not going to be evidence for anything. This is some fantasy CSI stuff."
"positive","This is the cool content I come here for"
"neutral","Sorry OP this isn't the wording from that Ramey Memo. Highest res photos [here](https://library.uta.edu/roswell/ramey-memo) with a link to a reward of ten grand for the first person to offer a clear reading of the memo."
"neutral","Why do you need a general for a photo shoot?"
"neutral","Roswell was real...this is all legit."
"neutral","google says space/mylar/foil blankets weren't made until 1964"
"neutral","Honest question…So what do we do with this letter now? Where can we complain or ask for truth behind this crash now that we presumably have proof of this?"
"neutral","[removed]"
"neutral","[removed]"
"positive","We could [read ancient, crumbling scrolls without even opening them](https://www.popularmechanics.com/science/news/a22985/read-ancient-hebrew-scroll-without-opening/), and that was in 2016. For those arguing that AI algorithms/etc are unreliable, maybe the ones distributed to the public. But the ones created and used by scientists are absolutely valid."
"neutral","Wow - and it litterally confirms every last aspect of the theories Ufology has held as true for *decades*... Every last little box neatly ticked - how brilliant and how silly of the USAF not to have used encryption. Like they actually did on sensitive telegrams."
"neutral","Would he really be posing for a photo with a top secret memo in his hand? Highly unlikely."
"neutral","The 503 Bomber wing! They control the country today."
"neutral","So here’s my question: If this photo shoot is a set-up showing fraudulent evidence, why would he be holding a letter that shows that an alien ship actually crashed? Like why not have a fake letter made up saying it was “a weather balloon”? It makes no sense than he’s holding the smoking gun."
"neutral","You can make it say what ever you want."
"positive","This is very cool."
"neutral","“Victims?” If this doc is legitimate it adds a new and interesting twist to what to date had cobwebs on it. And if victims were involved, what would be the reason to suppress that? Military deaths during operations happen constantly. Unless the deaths weren’t military personnel."
"neutral","Why do so many aliens suck at flying?"
"neutral","There was a program on discovery or one of those channels and they got a forensic guy to analyse it. It didn't say ""disc"" it said something else but I can't remember what it was.."
"negative","I really don't see how that right one could possibly come from the left folded document. Seems made up to me."
"neutral","Anyone know what’s up with the new pentagon report?"
"neutral","I think the quotes should be ""deciphered"" more than they should be on ""disk"" in your title. This is exciting. Because it reaffirms our desire for validation but I don't trust this translation or technique."
"neutral","I always spelled disk for a hard disk drive and disc for a CD/DVD. Now I’m unsure about a SSD. Edit: that is a “drive” so I guess those are my disk and disc theories. On a UFO I would use disc."
"positive","I love how they seem to be sharing a humorous moment"
"neutral","Seems awfully similar to something recently, no?"
"neutral","My question is if they are doing a photo op to prove that it was a weather balloon and not a UFO, why would they bring and be holding a paper in that photo detailing that it is not a weather ballon and in fact is a UFO. Even if they couldn’t predict technology would be able to decipher the letter, that just makes no sense. I believe Roswell was a UFO coverup 100%, just not that the paper in these photos was of any significance"
"negative","I'm sorry but looking at the high resolution photos directly from the high resolution library, there's like 3 letters in the paragraph that are legible. I'm not buying it."
"neutral","I desperately want some of the UFO conspiracies to be true, but at least personally I prefer to approach these sorts of things with a healthy amount of skepticism. In that vein, some things to consider: 1. Knowing that the story is that this debris is NOT what was recovered in the wreckage (and that it was intentionally replaced for this photo op), why would he be *holding a letter with this kind of sensitive info* in the photo? ""It was an oversight!"" Certainly possible... but that sort of mistake would certainly lower my confidence in an organization's ability to effectively cover something up. 2. Letters are written by authors who have agendas, bias, etc. They're certainly *good* evidence for a thing, but in the immediate wake of something like this it's good to keep in mind how information tends to flow. It is hectic, often unreliable, often prone to mistakes in interpretation made by observers, etc. I think it is *likely* that people coming across the wreckage would be trying to interpret it with the information and experiences that they currently had. Presuming it wasn't alien in origin, I think it would still be likely that people who saw the wreckage might genuinely think it was anyway. 3. Honestly, I highly doubt the method used here. I don't think the image snippets look like they match what is typed at all. Mod context indicates this isn't AI driven, which means it's just some person - who is predisposed to believing all of this - saying ""this looks like it says this!"""
"neutral","So, dumb question here. If the letter in his hands were true, why would he even be holding a sensitive letter in his hand for a photo?"
"negative","Yeah I'm not sure I'm buying this. Either this general is the biggest moron on the planet with the worst operational security practices, or it's staged."
"negative","I find it extremely suspect that the only bits that can be deciphered are the juicy ""disc"" and ""victims"" bits. By the way, if you ever wonder why the residents of Roswell, NM perpetuate the alien story then go visit the town sometime. I have, and they are dirt poor. The only revenue coming into that place is from UFO enthusiasts visiting. I personally spoke with a couple in their thrift store and when I jokingly asked if they'd seen a UFO they looked embarrassed and then said yes. It was obvious they only did this to amuse us and have us buy something, and I've never felt so guilty in my entire life."
"neutral","Where are the people involved that cleaned the crash scene? There would have had to been a hundred people involved for weeks picking up every single part. People do not keep secrets and would have raked at least to family members."
"negative","All you have to do is zoom in on the circled piece of paper in the guy's hand to see that it's not the same document. It's folded in half, showing below the fold. There are no black redaction bars. Etc etc shut up stop lying i hate it here."
