"Sentiment","Comment"
"positive","This kind of thing is bittersweet for me every time. My grandfather was a massive UFO/UAP enthusiast and a former aerospace engineer and he passed about 10 years ago. Things like this have really ramped up since then and it hurts that he isn't here to see it. Every time there is incredible news like this I have a moment where I think how much I would love to share it with him. Y'all are a really great community, thanks for helping me keep his memory alive."
"negative","This was the only decent piece of information. Didn't press about the tic tacs, nothing on Puerto Rico, didn't press him on the other UAP that were shot down only the Chinese balloon. I was expecting more from the Senate"
"neutral","It's like the Mosul orb... now imagine all the footage the government has and we will never see"
"positive","I am always a 'negative Nancy' when it comes to things like these, but this is a half-decent video to be fair. This is exactly what we need. More pictures and videos like this. Longer ones preferably. This is why a lot of us are closely following proceedings - to see real data. We know they have plenty of it."
"negative","I mean, holy shit?"
"neutral","Submission statement: This is the video released by AARO today during the senate hearing. This video was taken by a MQ9 reaper drone. They don't know what this object is and remains a UAP. This object was also identified as one of the most common objects they encountered. There are no indications as to what this object could be."
"positive","lol in my head I imagine the operator being like “wait wtf was that” a good second after it moves through fov of the drone, like a dog chasing a bird or something"
"positive","I am an skeptic but that looks very promising."
"positive","Dang. That's super good footage and it appears to be going pretty fast and steady."
"neutral","where is this? Iraq again?"
"positive","Wow. That’s kind of fucking cool. I guess it wasn’t s reflection in a puddle after all."
"positive","The technology, man... The technology this mf have. Just a ball that small not only capable of defy gravity, but go figure what's inside. Every possible sensor one can imagine and more?"
"neutral","Is this the same orb Jeremy Corbell released a photo of and everyone shit on him for it ?"
"neutral","I’m pretty sure I saw one of these. Just a metal ball sitting in the sky above the highway. My friend saw one too, sitting in the sky above her apartment. She took a pic but like all ufo pics, it doesn’t really look like much."
"neutral","Direct link to the video here: [https://www.armed-services.senate.gov/imo/media/video/Middle%20East%20UAP.mp4](https://www.armed-services.senate.gov/imo/media/video/Middle%20East%20UAP.mp4) Webpage https://www.armed-services.senate.gov/hearings/to-receive-testimony-on-the-mission-activities-oversight-and-budget-of-the-all-domain-anomaly-resolution-office"
"neutral","Let’s see Mick West debunk this"
"neutral","Can’t wait for the balloon community to say something."
"positive","One of the best UFO videos of all time. What a shame they probably only showed a small clip, I bet the original was longer."
"neutral","That completely normal weather balloon is hauling incredible amounts of ass."
"neutral","What was the explanation for not having the entire video?"
"negative","So we got propulsion-less fucking spheres out here and we’re not dumping billions into finding out what the hell they are? I’m trying to ride on one of these!"
"neutral","Just a metallic orb. Tracking straight through the sky, without any discernable propulsion system."
"neutral","It looks like it zipped right over people who probably were completely unaware of it. Makes me wonder what has flown over me that I’ve had no clue about."
"neutral","I hope that in 5 yrs, we'll see everything 🙏"
"neutral","That looks like the drone from Star Wars that Luke uses to train his laser deflections"
"neutral","Any information on when and where this was taken?"
"positive","This is EXACTLY what I’ve seen myself. The way it moves in a straight line, the way the light reflects off it, the size. Crazy."
"negative","Shits getting real"
"positive","The government finally released a video we can share with our families and not look like kooks"
"neutral","This is exactly what I saw years ago Round Matte dark Grey Flying fairly low I never thought I'll see it again so clearly"
"positive","Everyone calling out Jeremy for being a fraud. Me included should now apologise. Dude was legit."
"positive","Must feel good to be Jeremy Corbell today. Good for him."
"neutral","I saw this exact thing last year in Utah while on my back porch. It was a decently sized silver sphere that was traveling faster than anything we have. It was flying from North to south and wasn't that high in the air. I haven't seen a video of one of these so it's quite remarkable to me"
"positive","Now this is pod racing"
"positive","This is excellent."
"neutral","Ok so why did they STOP tracking it??"
"positive","Look at that! They learned how to blur the sensor information!"
"neutral","Wow, this one is crazy ! O_O"
"neutral","It's extremely similar to the image Corbell & Knapp had on their podcast lately. Of course, not many people will actually give them any credit for it."
"neutral","I’ve seen things like these in person, up close, on three occasions! It’s absolutely crazy how these things just float and defy gravity. They move through air like reality is some virtual space. The ones I saw were orbs a little larger than a basket ball but smaller than a standard beach ball. Metallic and with an almost reflective sheen on it. No sound at all."
"neutral","Where are the balloon experts they’re who we need to consult with on this."
"positive","Hope we get to see more things like these"
"positive","Every time I see a video like this, I'm again amazed that these are officially released by the government. I never thought I'd see the day they publicly acknowledge this stuff."
"neutral","My mom and I saw one of these in Toronto about 12 years ago."
"neutral","This time next year, text to video AI will be so widely available and refined that no UAP video will ever seem credible, ever again. We need a bombshell clip, asap"
"positive","Wow they actually released something decent"
"neutral","Just think about the gravity of this. There it is, in clear view, published by the government, an object that doesn't fly with any known means of propulsion."
"positive","Honestly pleasantly surprised we got something out of the hearing, and a fairly compelling something, at that."
"neutral","Is this just a dolly zoom type effect where something is falling but the camera is so zoomed in it looks like it's going horizontally over a surface? Why not show the whole thing? When did they lose sight of it?"
"negative","Why didn't they blown it out of the sky like the other ""balloons"""
