"neutral","The following submission statement was provided by /u/CreditCardOnly: --- In this clip from [Jesse Michels’ new interview with David Grusch](https://youtu.be/kRO5jOa06Qw?si=DbfkGXoURvVjakeS), Grusch explains that he wants to say the bare minimum to propel disclosure, citing that it is not his job to release the more important details. Grusch continues by saying “some baggage is coming” in relation to the non-human biologics he has previously mentioned. --- Please reply to OP's comment here: https://old.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/16fjf0f/david_grusch_some_baggage_is_coming_with_nonhuman/k024e8w/"
"neutral","Maybe it’s their actual baggage, like each alien had one carry-on, and one personal item for under their seat"
"neutral","&#x200B; Link: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRO5jOa06Qw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRO5jOa06Qw) He mentions that these NHI might not be that much advanced but they took a different path in the tech tree, and he speculates they manipulate space-time with something akin to the Alcubierre Drive He also says he has no info about Bob Lazar, he wasnt on the scope of what he was looking into and if Lazar really has had some experiences he(David) has no clue He talks about time and how it might not be linear as we perceive it, when talking about the nature of reality he goes on to speculate that there might be higher dimensions ""casting shadows"" upon our reality, just like we cast 2d shadows on surfaces Alcubierre Drive: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcubierre\_drive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcubierre_drive) These are the points i found interesting, the conversation goes into speculation about anti-gravity tech, spirituality, realtionship between nukes and UAP, time-travel, etc It was disappointing he didn't put and end to the Lazar story (either way), i would asume he's able to confirm if some of what Lazar talked about is true or not, he says he wants the truth out, well he should get all of it out"
"neutral","A ""different branch of the tech tree"" idea is speculated about in the short story The Road Not Taken. It's not a long read: https://eyeofmidas.com/scifi/Turtledove_RoadNotTaken.pdf"
"positive","In this clip from [Jesse Michels’ new interview with David Grusch](https://youtu.be/kRO5jOa06Qw?si=DbfkGXoURvVjakeS), Grusch explains that he wants to say the bare minimum to propel disclosure, citing that it is not his job to release the more important details. Grusch continues by saying “some baggage is coming” in relation to the non-human biologics he has previously mentioned."
"positive","My biggest take away came from the last few minutes of the full video. I believe he knows as much as anyone that’s ever been willing to talk about this stuff, and he seems…at peace, almost excited. I needed to see that, if I’m being honest."
"neutral","From the way he said I think he was hinting that for us to understand the biological aspect of that our whole paradigm of reality is going to have to change. We are going to have to accept that we are 100% being visited by creatures from another realm. Once that cat is out of the bag it is going to be hard to get back to our regularly scheduled programming"
"neutral","I wonder, if the NHI are extra terrestrials, if there’s an alien whistleblower on their planet talking about us in the same way our whistleblowers are talking about them? Or, perhaps they have achieved disclosure on their planet, and everyone knows about us humans."
"positive","Woah, I didn’t know there was a new DG interview. Will be watching promptly."
"neutral","Dude is trying SO hard not to slip up and say something"
"positive","love the tanline on the wrist, guy is an intelligence worker through and through, removes his watch when he’ll be on camera"
"neutral","I'm still not through the interview, but his mention of Robert Sarbacher and Oppenheimer was interesting. I looked up Sarbacher, and one of the first things I found was a letter in which he confirmed UFOs are real, there is a recovery project, he knew Von Neumann was involved and believed Vannever Bush and Oppenheimer were as well. It's constantly astounding to me how many highly credible people have come out and said this, and we just didn't believe them. Link to the letter: https://science.howstuffworks.com/space/aliens-ufos/ufo-government10.htm"
"negative","The baggage might mean we killed them, or they have integrated with human dna."
"positive","When I think about Commander Fravor deciding to take lead on the unknown and choosing to engage in a direct intercept with something like the tictac (the man literally played chicken with a ufo and the ufo blinked first 😮) Or David Grusch risking everything in his life to speak truth to power purely off the strength of his moral/ethic code and to be the leader and public face for all his peers so that they don’t have to take the same risks if they are afraid. It makes me amazed at the bravery that some humans posses"
"neutral","Wait. You all are too casual about this. Did I miss something? Who is this interviewer? Why was he chosen? Is this Grusch doing what Cornell said he would?"
"neutral","I've always operated under the assumption that competition is necessary for evolution. Where I think I went wrong was assuming competition has to be between two different intelligent participants. However, there are possibilities of a single intelligent lifeform competing against a dynamic and indifferent, hostile environment. Imagine a species that has made it to a similar point as us but has no concept of war, hunter/prey, or even violence. We have expended an immense amount of resources on simply getting better at killing things."
"positive","We just watched...I have to watch again. Him being on the spectrum answered some questions for me on the cadance of his speech, which I thought was odd. It actually gave him more credibility for several reasons to me. The point when they are discussing the frog in the faraday cage I couldnt tell if Grusch rolled his eyes or didnt know what the heck he , the host, was talking about"
"positive","Thing I found of most interest was the deep dive in to the beginning of the uap topic and the scientific community that started all of this secrecy. There is a clear indication that a lot of scientific theory could have been manipulated by people wanting to slow down our overall progress in science. It would explain why we have not had a lot of progress in the energy sector and that there is a lot of research that has been hidden that would further our understanding. Hoping even more the Schumer bill passes so we can finally get past all of the distractions and get a clear view of the things that we have been asking questions about forever."
"positive","David is looking relaxed and I'm kinda happy that he is in a good 😊 place now. Glad that this is happening. Take my upvote!"
"negative","At this point, it's obvious humans are being portrayed as stupid and that we cant handle it. The sad part is that other humans decided this us for us"
"neutral","Hmmm one thing that was revealed to me in this interview is Grusch said that during and after his investigation, his assessments were to go to the Deputy Secretary of Defense and Congress. Now I knew that Congress knows a *whole lot* more than they feel comfortable disclosing to us so far, but what I didn't link together is Christopher Mellon was the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense on Intelligence during the Clinton and George W. Bush presidencies. I knew that Mellon has some incredible information on the subject, however being the assistant to the Deputy Secretary of Defense himself, he probably knows pretty much everything."
"positive","Wow! The bizarre amount of negative comments here! I watched the whole interview, he struck me as a very balanced, level headed and trustworthy guy. All the comments here claiming otherwise, saying things like ""I don't trust his face"", ""obvious grift"" are just trying to plant seeds of distrust and create noise."
"positive","this whole video wasn't filled with a load of new info, but it was really nice seeing Grusch just hanging out and chatting and being himself. made me smile is all."
"Neutral","My theory on the baggage: The (or some group of them) NHI are the custodians. They've helped guide our evolution and the evolution of this planet. That concept alone is pretty mind blowing, let alone the follow-up questions, like why or for what purpose."
"neutral","To those of you saying he should say more; maybe you should listen to Corbell and Knapp more, even though you ridicule them too! If he says anything more than he's been approved to say by his lawyer(a literal former ICIG) and the pentagon in general, then he WILL get arrested, and his whistleblower status will be stripped from him. Just shut up and be patient.."
"neutral","With ""this baggage"", I wonder how much of this ties into our concepts of self or even life/existence. Something like life/death or consciousness are not as we'd initially assume/expect, or that we ourselves are derived physiologically from these biologics, would only be the kind of thing that would really upend human society in a substantial way - e.g. refuting established religious dogma akin to the Copernican model/Darwin and Evolution. Exciting times we live in lads."
"positive","Holy shit that was a great two hours."
"neutral","“Some baggage” I’m sure there’s “some baggage” that comes with auditing the Pentagon’s financials too, doesn’t mean it shouldn’t happen immediately or as soon as possible."
"positive","Currently watching and im loving it. Glad to see Grusch back"
"neutral","I wonder if the baggage from the biologics is something relating to how in America (and most of the world) we're an individualist society and these beings are likely more of a collective society, they are probably going to tell us we need to change and it's more of a demand than a question, but who knows"
"neutral","Does this mean there will be more hearings or possibly announcements? Would be cool to see them doing offical press briefings on this stuff."
"negative","Ive rarely seen so many comments about a persons looks. Seems Like the us gov. And their Lemmings are spending Work time in Reddit again."
"negative","I read it as ""it's not stored in a Indiana Jones warehouse sitting in a crate"" but actually stored and researched within corporations that would have some explaining to do aswell about their connections to deep government and taxpayer funding while withholding potential world saving tech/biologics"
"negative","Man they are coming out of the woodworks to talk shit about him. Imagine if your job was to talk shit about an exemplary example of a human being on Reddit? Pathetic. Edit: thanks for proving my point comments below…."
"neutral","This sub is compromised"
"neutral","Grusch clarified something that's been bugging me for a while: ""Why he can say some specific things and not others"". It turns out that those specific things is what he submitted for DOPSR review. He might get clearance to discuss other things, but he would need to submit a new DOPSR, but he said is not his job to disclose everything. He just gave away the important stuff as a starting point. Makes sense."
"positive","These comments do not pass the vibe check. If you’ve got nothing nice to say, maybe you should shut your mouth and divest yourself of the topic. I’m not saying this to those who are critical and ask questions, but those who are outright attacking him personally for his appearance or no good reason. Comments talking about his weight and character are utter garbage and should be shamed."
"neutral","The baggage is that the bodies contain human DNA, mixed with something else that's going to be ""sobering"" and its going to also introduce some questions about what it means to be human. Its also going to be an interesting discussion about how we get a mixed breed being! That's the baggage"
"neutral","By baggage I think he means the stigma and ridicule that would come with something like saying ""non human biologics."""
"neutral","Wait till the baggage comes out of the bag that we've never been alone and this has long been a colony"
"positive","Watched half before bed. Can't wait to watch the other half. I'm one of the believers who wants to see the evidence, but this interview (so far) is great. Even though he hasn't released new information or evidence I'm really enjoying him just talking about what he's already mentioned. But I'm really enjoying the extra theories that he goes through with the atom and bombs, different technological pathways taken."
"positive","I’m so glad to see him looking well and speaking out more!"
"negative","""Sort by New"" and be baffled by the amount of trash comments/bots that are operating in this thread ATM. Jesus."
"neutral","Just here with 🍿"
"negative","The ""baggage"" related to biological could be we've been cloning and killing aliens for years as part of the reverse engineering process...and giving them access to human ""biologicals"" as well...an eye for an eye."
"neutral","His thoughts on the warp drive is interesting. There must be some vehicle debri or intact craft he is aware of that is shaped similar to a 'biblically accurate' ""Throne."" Those things that possibly took that plane looked as if they could rapidly bend space around them as needed. This NHI surely has multiple kinds of entry vehicles into our dimension..."
"neutral","Only thing I think it can be is shared DNA. Anything Beyond that feels like it requires mind melding or telepathy or something… That NHI shares our DNA will be fucked up, and it’s also something that we can probably reliability figure out"
"positive","The really important part is that it has gotten nearly half a million views in 17 hours. Keeping this in the minds of the population is the most important thing any interview can do."
"positive","Grusch is built like a TANK lol. How tall is he? At least 6 foot 4 and 250 lbs I think."
"negative","Wow, whoever is mobilizing all these bots to bash Grusch is doing a horrible job. It must just be some troll, I refuse to believe the USG is this incompetent."
