"neutral","Looks extremely small"
"neutral","The ""manta balloon"" from Festo was a prototype about 15 years ago. Only one made, never hit the market, never sold. 15 years. Made to ""float"" indoors, that's why all the videos about it are made indoors. Incapable of reaching 20.000 feet. It can barely ""float"" indoor with the help of a little push because it doesn't have the necessary volume to contain more helium. Even less to reach 20.000 feet. The fact that this resembles the shape (and only the shape) of something made 15 years ago, doesn't mean is that."
"neutral","I really want the pilots take. I know one of our sub members pulled it from twitter, and I’m assuming not from the pilot himself, so I’m curious."
"positive","I did a short recording back and forth from the video: [https://imgur.com/a/seWVHB6](https://imgur.com/a/seWVHB6) It does make it clear that its something quite interesting (unless it is fake)"
"neutral","Looks like the same shape as the military video that was released. The one they were tracking and it was rotating."
"neutral","Flight of the Navigator"
"positive","This is definitely some of the most compelling footage released as of late. Good quality and captured at a very close distance. What’s interesting is that the UAP looks to be stationary as the pilot flies by. It’s important to remember what Ryan Graves spoke about on the Joe Rogan podcast. These UAP would remain stationary for several hours, not changing their trajectory and essentially just hovering in one place. Ryan Graves and his team had the same interaction as this pilot had on almost a daily basis. We should consider this and not expect every UAP sighting to be of a moving object that is flying at insanely high speeds like the gimbal video. I hope someone can debunk this as it is very interesting footage and may be some of the highest quality material captured in recent years. Edit: Debunk as in prove it’s something other than a balloon."
"neutral","[removed]"
"neutral","I mean its clearly your typical saucer shape tilted on its side giving of the manta vibe. I recall there is a theory from the navy footage the ufos flew tilted as opposed to traditional beliefs of flying level much like this ufo is seemingly doing so."
"neutral","Flight of the navigator"
"neutral","I find it very sad that nobody here is demanding to know who captured the video, more context (time, date, gps coordinates, altitude, aircraft make, route, etc), access to the raw, unedited footage, and a statement from the pilot describing why they were recording. Instead, what I see is everyone going bananas about how amazing this footage is, that it’s real, blah, blah, blah. It could be CGI, AI-generated, a balloon, etc. Don’t get me wrong: I hope it’s legitimate… I have been following this topic for decades, but it’s important to exercise common sense and caution."
"neutral","Does anyone know what year this is from? Where it was shot? Anything meaningful would be cool...."
"neutral","I did a small edit in slow motion with different exposures https://www.instagram.com/reel/CqsmstxOIn_/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y="
"neutral","What if, and hear me out, the aliens are controlling the balloons? Genius."
"neutral","This is a legit UFO we’re seeing here damn"
"negative","Is there literally no context of who took this? Seems a rather important part of the situation. Looks like CGI when played."
"negative","If that’s anything manmade, then the person flying it should be in jail for operating it that recklessly near a manned aircraft"
"neutral","Dude this is a flying saucer 🛸"
"negative","What the hell is this thing?"
"neutral","Looks a lot like the one seen over Sacramento about a year back from an ultralight airplane cruising. it also tilts at the end like this one does. [https://imgur.com/yySPHO1](https://imgur.com/yySPHO1) &#x200B; https://www.reddit.com/r/aliens/comments/10magj0/from\_ufotwitter/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3"
"positive","Ngl this is one of the more compelling pictures I’ve seen of late. Also explains why it’s so hard to spot these because it’s small and goes at extreme speeds, hard to get a pic"
"neutral","Hmmm I remain skeptical but what catches my attention is that the exact same picture was featured as the thumbnail in one of astrum's recent videos on [UAPs](https://youtu.be/otPxviO_SCA). The video was uploaded two weeks ago but the source video (the one on the front page of the sub) is just gaining traction? I'm wondering just how old is this UAP video then???"
"neutral","Just looks like a balloon. Meh."
"neutral","Mylar balloons do all kinds of shape contortions in the higher atmosphere. They're tough and super light. I'm not going to say that doesn't look like a UFO, it does. But so can a mylar balloon if you leave it in the atmosphere long enough and catch it at just the right angle. We probably have to apply occams razor."
"neutral","Looks like it's flying belly first (if it's legit). Which fits Bob Lazar's story about the ""sports model"" craft. Also feels similar to one of the Navy videos that came from the east coast encounters."
"neutral","Flight of the Navigator! Compliance!"
"neutral","Meh. Call me when we've got one of them on the ground."
"neutral","[removed]"
"neutral","Mylar balloon?"
"neutral","The thing is, it didnt behave like a balloon in the video. Its seen moving perpendicular to the pilot’s craft in the first few seconds, then as it exits the clouds in the far distance it makes a J shaped turn and accelerates out of those clouds and past the pilot very closely in a streamline. If the pilot saw it was a giant floating balloon, they’d report it as such and probably not fly right fn next to it risking their life for a gag. Let’s rule out balloon and keep passing along facts."
"neutral","Can we link the video in this post so we can easily compare?"
"positive","Bob lazar said they flew this way, belly forward in the direction of travel, if this is real, it's great footage for once."
"neutral","This photo is a clear image from a video shared in this sub, in which this object is seen from a flying airplane. Some propel has compared it to a ballon, although that particular model didn’t made it to commercial production"
"negative","That sure as hell ain’t a balloon"
"neutral","Remember the Northrop commercial where they showed 3 or 4 prototypes? Looks similar to one of those. Saw it during a Superbowl like 5 yrs ago."
"neutral","It reminds me of the ship from the movie Flight of The Navigator."
"neutral","That’s no balloon 🎈…"
"neutral","Looks terrestrial"
"neutral","I want to believe."
"positive","A pretty unclear image of whatever the fuck that is. I love this sub."
"neutral","Google Lens suggests it's a dolphin/whale."
"neutral","I don't believe anything without scale for reference"
"neutral","I'd like to bring some perspective on the size and distance of this object. It is a lot bigger and closer than what it appears on video. This is why the pilot was filming when it looked like nothing at the beginning. He was able to see it with his own eyes. Go outside and look at a tree then hold your smart phone camera at the tree. You'll see it looks smaller and further away."
"neutral","Is this the animal from the movie “Nope”?"
"Neutral","Dammit! The molecular structure of an alien craft MUST conform to the physical demands of the environment or it would not be able to withstand those demands. Aircraft simply can not fly under water. Can anyone who swims in water fly in air? No! Size of the aliens or their craft makes no difference. I propose that any alien visitors would have to follow the spacial and physical rules of our environment or self destruct. Unless… they are on a different wavelength, or what might be called dimension. Then they could pass right through us or we them and do so undetected."
"positive","With photoshop, all kinds of other editing softwares and tech in general, it’s hard to believe any photo is real, much less a ufo one. I believe there are other life forms out there, it would be stupid to believe we’re all alone. I just hope we’ll get indisputable proof."
"negative","This is the stuff that pops out when China finally wants to declare war on the US, and we all see where that $800 billion a year goes lmao 🤣"
"neutral","This is definitely man made. Why do people wish think the unlikely. Say some high tech creatures observe the part of space where the earth was a billion years ago before knowing that a lifeform was there, a billion years before the light of today would even reached that part of space. Why would they travel to a place with no signs of life? It is always more than likely a man made object."
"neutral","Is this a satire subreddit? An honest question."
"neutral","That thing is tiny, no one is inside it. It appeared to be moving very slowly if at all. Very balloon-y."
